A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
but none of which amounts to much of a story
none of which amounts to much of a story
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
, I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
would have a hard time sitting through this one .
would have a hard time sitting through this one
have a hard time sitting through this one
a hard time sitting through this one
a hard time
hard time
sitting through this one
the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
betrayal , deceit and murder
, deceit and murder
deceit and murder
deceit
murder
a Shakespearean tragedy
tragedy
soap opera
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
self-glorification and
a manipulative whitewash
manipulative whitewash
midlife crisis
Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
, Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
Trouble
is a plodding mess .
is a plodding mess
a plodding mess
plodding mess
plodding
mess
But it does n't leave you with much .
it does n't leave you with much .
does n't leave you with much .
does n't leave you with much
does n't
leave
You could hate it for the same reason .
could hate it for the same reason .
could hate it for the same reason
hate it for the same reason
hate it
hate
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
's little to recommend Snow Dogs ,
's little to recommend Snow Dogs
unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism
cliched dialogue and
cliched dialogue
cliched
perverse
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
off the path of good sense
off
damned
from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
that try too hard to be mythic
try too hard to be mythic
too hard to be mythic
hard to be mythic
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
As inept
inept
as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West
's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more
you 'd expect -- but nothing more
nothing
oddest
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
frothing
grenade
gag
romantic comedy boilerplate
an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications
mongrel
indecipherable plot complications
complications
preach exclusively to the converted .
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
chuckles
does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
vapid actor 's exercise
vapid
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative ,
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative
inoffensive
run-of-the-mill action
run-of-the-mill
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script
no , paralyzed
no
, paralyzed
by a self-indulgent script
a self-indulgent script
self-indulgent
that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
ends up sounding like satire
makes for some glacial pacing early on
makes for some glacial pacing
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here ,
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here
's very little sense to what 's going on here
very little sense to what 's going on here
very little sense
what 's going on here
the cliches with considerable dash
the cliches
of his first film , The Full Monty ,
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces
unnamed , easily substitutable
, easily substitutable
substitutable
whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
whatever
terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
terror
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
horror
try to avoid
to avoid
avoid
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
more interested in entertaining itself
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence
into rambling incoherence
rambling incoherence
rambling
incoherence
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error
to the phrase ` fatal script error
the phrase ` fatal script error
phrase ` fatal script error
` fatal script error
fatal script error
script error
error
Do n't
out
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
into the modern rut of narrative banality
the modern rut of narrative banality
the modern rut
rut
of narrative banality
narrative banality
banality
bad
is to frighten and disturb
frighten and
disturb
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
has about 25 minutes of decent material
about 25 minutes of decent material
hell-jaunt purists
hell-jaunt
-LRB-
horrifying
airless cinematic shell games .
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
the filmmaker would disagree
honestly , I do n't see the point
, I do n't see the point
I do n't see the point
do n't see the point
Bloody
to place blame
war movies
war
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
clunky TV-movie approach
clunky TV-movie
clunky
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts ,
after a couple of aborted attempts
a couple of aborted attempts
of aborted attempts
aborted attempts
a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie
lie
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
is just an overexposed waste of film
an overexposed waste of film
an overexposed waste
overexposed waste
overexposed
waste
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ...
its convolutions
silly rather than plausible
silly rather than
's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
cliche
Run for your lives !
Run for your lives
kooky and overeager
overeager
veiling tension
Shakespeare
deepest tragedies
tragedies
The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt
so pat it makes your teeth hurt
it makes your teeth hurt
makes your teeth hurt
hurt
bind us
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB-
generic villains
generic
villains
lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB-
the action scenes are poorly delivered
are poorly delivered
are poorly
poorly
the gratuitous cinematic distractions
distractions
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
Downright transparent
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
the script 's endless assault
endless assault
endless
assault
of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
embarrassingly ham-fisted
embarrassingly
ham-fisted
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
reek of a script
drama
impossible
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
as an evil , monstrous lunatic
an evil , monstrous lunatic
evil , monstrous lunatic
evil
monstrous
It 's like a drive-by .
's like a drive-by
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction
a love story as sanguine
struggle furiously
struggle
furiously
fears
But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
not
Reeks of rot and hack
Reeks
of rot and hack
rot and hack
rot
hack
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
a film that are still looking for a common through-line
are still looking for a common through-line
 
Contrived
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
The major problem with Windtalkers
The major problem
major problem
problem
that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character
wrong
eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
goes overboard
overboard
with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
a loony melodramatic denouement
loony
melodramatic denouement
denouement
in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one
it just is n't a very involving one
just is n't a very involving one
is n't a very involving one
is n't a very
is n't
lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
lacks
sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
, violent , self-indulgent and maddening
violent , self-indulgent and maddening
violent
, self-indulgent and maddening
self-indulgent and maddening
self-indulgent and
maddening
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and
Written , flatly , by David Kendall
Written , flatly ,
Written , flatly
flatly
directed , barely , by There
directed , barely ,
directed , barely
in short
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way
a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way
a corny examination
corny examination
corny
's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
's lazy for a movie
lazy for a movie
lazy
to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
by trying to distract us with the solution to another
trying to distract us with the solution to another
distract
's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something
any Dummies guide , something
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
Entertains not so much
Entertains not
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
its music or
, but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
Disney scrape
bottom
emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
mixed results
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
Scarcely worth a mention
Scarcely worth
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
tumbleweeds
the empty theatres
empty theatres
empty
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
those crass , contrived sequels
crass , contrived sequels
, contrived sequels
contrived sequels
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
fails on its own , but
fails on its own ,
fails on its own
fails
you second-guess your affection for the original
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline -
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline
Does n't live up to the exalted tagline
there 's definite room for improvement .
's definite room for improvement .
's definite room for improvement
definite room for improvement
for improvement
It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one
It 's not a particularly good film , but
It 's not a particularly good film ,
It 's not a particularly good film
's not a particularly good film
is it a monsterous one
a monsterous one
may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
may be ploughing the same furrow once too often
be ploughing the same furrow once too often
ploughing the same furrow once too often
ploughing the same furrow
once too often
-LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and
is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein ,
is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein
the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein
I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
a tragedy
prisoner
and ultimately the victim -RRB-
the victim -RRB-
victim
tries for more .
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
should stop trying to please his mom
macabre and
macabre
are in tatters
in tatters
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
is so consistently unimaginative
so consistently unimaginative
consistently unimaginative
unimaginative
that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
A mawkish self-parody
mawkish self-parody
mawkish
that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
weird
Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
we do n't like
do n't like
another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
is impossible to care about and
is impossible to care about
impossible to care about
is n't very funny
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
the one-sided theme
one-sided theme
to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
over-indulgent tirade
over-indulgent
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important
dupe the viewer
dupe
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
ugly
not a Hollywood product
Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
threatens
to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
dramaturgy
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
is not
, you 're entirely unprepared .
're entirely unprepared .
're entirely unprepared
entirely unprepared
Devos
demons
in their cheap , B movie way
their cheap , B movie way
cheap , B movie way
cheap
abandoned , but
abandoned ,
we had to endure last summer , and
we had to endure last summer ,
we had to endure last summer
had to endure last summer
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining
Violent , vulgar and forgettably
vulgar and forgettably
vulgar
forgettably
unsettling images
a war-ravaged land
revelatory and narcissistic
narcissistic
pat storylines
Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising
unsurprising
a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
a screwed-up man
screwed-up
dared to mess with some powerful people
ultimately losing cause
losing
rush
at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
darkness
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
seems to be coasting .
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this
's hard to say who might enjoy this
hard to say who might enjoy this
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
that efforts toward closure only open new wounds
only open new wounds
weirdly
Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
, the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and
The movie is silly beyond comprehension
is silly beyond comprehension
silly beyond comprehension
even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension
if it were n't silly
, it would still be beyond comprehension
it would still be beyond comprehension
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and
Poor editing , bad bluescreen ,
Poor editing , bad bluescreen
Poor editing ,
Poor editing
Poor
bad bluescreen
ultra-cheesy dialogue
ultra-cheesy
living mug shots
mug shots
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
completely misses its emotions
misses its emotions
misses
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and
Initial strangeness
inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality
a psycho
any less psycho
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
, Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it
created a monster
a monster
a scruffy
her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
beaten
Dangerous
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
Too clumsy in key moments
Too clumsy
clumsy
Legged Freaks
B-movie
sophomoric
through horror and hellish conditions
horror and hellish conditions
and hellish conditions
hellish conditions
hellish
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
failing , ultimately ,
failing , ultimately
failing ,
failing
its scrapbook of oddballs
oddballs
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ;
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
discerned here that producers would be well to heed
Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
Mediocre movies
Mediocre
start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
to drag as soon as the action speeds up
drag as soon as the action speeds up
drag
when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
they fall to pieces
fall to pieces
few ` cool ' actors
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
an artist who is simply tired --
an artist who is simply tired
who is simply tired
is simply tired
tired
fighting the same fights
fights
... stale and uninspired .
stale and uninspired .
and uninspired .
uninspired .
uninspired
stroke
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character
wears out
wears
as tryingly as the title
confrontations
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
could force you to scratch a hole in your head
force you to scratch a hole in your head
you to scratch a hole in your head
scratch a hole in your head
a hole in your head
B movies
toxic
you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
a lot of running around , screaming and death
running around , screaming
this rather convoluted journey
rather convoluted journey
rather convoluted
convoluted
it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy
takes a sudden turn and devolves
a sudden turn and devolves
turn and devolves
devolves
bizarre
, deeply unsettling experience
deeply unsettling experience
deeply unsettling
Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
least
demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
demanding
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
barely defensible sexual violence
violence
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
Has no reason to exist
no reason to exist
other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog
emotionally scattered film
scattered
few will find the movie
sad
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
amiable but unfocused
unfocused
that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
loosely-connected string
about otherwise dull subjects
otherwise dull subjects
otherwise dull
dull
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times
a bit heavy handed with his message at times
has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
waxes poetic far too much for our taste
far too much for our taste
far too much
too much
-LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB-
-LRB- but ultimately silly
has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
all blown up to the size of a house
blown
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
out mediocre
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
spirals downward , and
spirals downward ,
spirals downward
downward
thuds
the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
with an utterly incompetent conclusion
an utterly incompetent conclusion
utterly incompetent conclusion
utterly incompetent
incompetent
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
Horrendously
amateurish
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
is plainly dull and visually ugly
plainly dull and visually ugly
plainly dull
visually ugly
when it is n't incomprehensible
incomprehensible
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism
An awkwardly contrived exercise
awkwardly contrived exercise
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
The punch lines that miss
that miss
miss
unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
unfortunately
outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
stooping to base melodrama
stooping
, we need more X and less blab .
need more X and less blab .
need more X and less blab
less blab
blab
The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
corny dialogue and preposterous moments
dialogue and preposterous moments
preposterous moments
preposterous
Uneven
might look like Vulgar .
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes --
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes
rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes
rehashes several old themes
rehashes
several old themes
is capped with pointless extremes
capped with pointless extremes
with pointless extremes
pointless extremes
pointless
's insanely violent and very graphic
insanely violent and very graphic
insanely violent
dragons
Fire
be disappointed
disappointed
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
dramatic things happen to people
a coma-like state
coma-like state
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
veers from its comic course
veers
, its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but
The film can depress you about life itself .
can depress you about life itself .
can depress you about life itself
depress you about life itself
depress you
depress
If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
, you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie
'd probably turn it off ,
'd probably turn it off
turn it off
that you had already seen that movie
you had already seen that movie
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
lose
the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
the smug self-satisfaction
smug self-satisfaction
smug
The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay
heavy-handed
navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness
a fast fade
fast fade
into pomposity and pretentiousness
pomposity and pretentiousness
pomposity
pretentiousness
A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
A little weak
weak
-- and it is n't that funny .
and it is n't that funny .
and it is n't that funny
it is n't that funny
is n't that funny
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told
they do n't fit well together and
they do n't fit well together
do n't fit well together
neither is well told
Being latently gay
latently gay
are hardly enough .
are hardly enough
hardly enough
Storytelling feels slight .
omits
needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
needless
of the grieving process
the grieving process
from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
domination and destruction
destruction
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved ,
depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
depressing , ruthlessly pained
depressing ,
depressing
ruthlessly pained
pained
depraved
the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
an open wound
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance
Parents beware
this is downright movie penance
downright movie penance
who cares ?
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
off-putting romantic comedy .
off-putting
instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
slasher film
that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
more fun to make than it is to sit through
fun to make than it is to sit through
than it is to sit through
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
left off the film 's predictable denouement
the film 's predictable denouement
predictable denouement
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place ,
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' :
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
A superfluous sequel ...
A superfluous sequel
superfluous sequel
plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
of ` let 's get this thing over with
let 's get this thing over with
's get this thing over with
get this thing over with
over with
Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
anti-feminist
career - kids = misery -RRB-
career - kids = misery
kids = misery
misery
tiresome
romantic-comedy duds
duds
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
a milquetoast movie
milquetoast
of the week blown up for the big screen
the week blown up for the big screen
typical
An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
even more predictable , cliche-ridden
even more predictable
, cliche-ridden
cliche-ridden
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
a bad blend
bad blend
of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and
an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek
overripe episode
a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
a recycled and dumbed-down version
recycled and dumbed-down version
recycled
dumbed-down version
dumbed-down
The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
a bland , surfacey way
bland , surfacey way
bland , surfacey
bland
that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
for instance , good things happen to bad people
bad people
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
the experience of staring at a blank screen
staring at a blank screen
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
was only
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
difficult
to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
more confused , less interesting and more
more confused , less interesting
more confused ,
more confused
confused
sloppily
road
, one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
could rent the original and get the same love story and parable
the same love story
same love story
the sizzle of old news
vent -LRB-
the killer in Insomnia
killer
Insomnia
Phoned-in business as usual .
Phoned-in business
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
lackadaisical
plotting and mindless action
plotting and mindless
mindless
, All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
the bottom tier
bottom tier
of blaxploitation flicks
blaxploitation
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
be me : fighting off the urge to doze
fighting off the urge to doze
the urge to doze
urge to doze
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour
Thoughtless ,
Thoughtless
random , superficial humour
superficial humour
of very bad Scouse accents
very bad Scouse accents
standard
Narc
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists
, cynical
cynical
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core
strangely hollow at its emotional core
strangely
hollow at its emotional core
hollow
At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
for bungling the big stuff
bungling the big stuff
bungling
less-is-more
creepy crawlies
creepy
crawlies
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen ,
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen
may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen
may not
Feral and uncomfortable .
Feral and uncomfortable
uncomfortable
Sillier
expected
Black-and-white and unrealistic .
Black-and-white and unrealistic
Black-and-white
unrealistic
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
over his head
when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
bilked
lurks just below the proceedings and
below
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
to the otherwise bleak tale
otherwise bleak tale
otherwise bleak
bleak
never rises above mediocrity
mediocrity
former Gong Show addict
addict
my only complaint
complaint
is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
Genuinely unnerving
increasingly diverse
that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
than it can chew by linking the massacre
it can chew by linking the massacre
linking the massacre
the massacre
some difficult relationships
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
, the humor dwindles .
the humor dwindles .
dwindles .
dwindles
disguised
One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers ,
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers
grievous but obscure complaint
grievous but obscure
grievous but
grievous
obsessively
a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
preachy parable
preachy
need messing with
messing
largely bogus story
bogus story
bogus
an abyss
abyss
bad alternative music
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
that the franchise 's best years are long past
the franchise 's best years are long past
its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
overshadowed by its predictability
overshadowed
by its predictability
its predictability
Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
Too much of Storytelling
Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
, Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic
more psychotic than romantic
psychotic than romantic
psychotic
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
all the loss
loss
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake
The jokes are flat ,
The jokes are flat
are flat
flat
the action looks fake
looks fake
fake
toothless
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
just such a dungpile
such a dungpile
a dungpile
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
watching monkeys flinging their feces at you
flinging their feces at you
flinging their feces
their feces
feces
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction ,
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction
overcooked , ham-fisted direction
overcooked
has all the actors reaching for the back row
, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
sounds like horrible poetry .
sounds like horrible poetry
like horrible poetry
horrible poetry
horrible
A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
A vile , incoherent mess
vile , incoherent mess
vile , incoherent
vile
, incoherent
incoherent
... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome .
a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome
a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg
a scummy ripoff
scummy ripoff
scummy
ripoff
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
for a movie that tries to be smart
that tries to be smart
tries to be smart
, it 's kinda dumb .
it 's kinda dumb .
's kinda dumb .
's kinda dumb
kinda dumb
dumb
copyof
to review on DVD
... silly humbuggery ...
silly humbuggery ...
humbuggery ...
humbuggery
Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
Is n't as sharp as the original
, ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it
` Blade II ' just does n't cut it
just does n't cut it
does n't cut it
arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
rather cold-blooded comedy
-LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .
thinly-conceived movie .
thinly-conceived
roiling
slight but
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
alienation
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
sadly
at hostile odds with one another
hostile
through recklessness and retaliation
puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .
is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
A dreary movie .
dreary movie .
dreary
Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
, though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
cold
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
across as shallow and glib though
shallow and glib
shallow and
glib
mean-spirited
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
a stock plot
stock plot
blaxploitation spoof
raunch
late-night cable sexploitation
cable sexploitation
sexploitation
romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
governs college cliques
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
that 's still too burdened by the actor
's still too burdened by the actor
too burdened by the actor
burdened by the actor
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility
-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and
-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while ,
-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while
been making piffle for a long while
making piffle for a long while
piffle
Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
the airhead movie business
airhead movie business
airhead
Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
remains mostly undeterminable
remains
mostly undeterminable
undeterminable
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
look like cheap hysterics
cheap hysterics
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
Uneven performances and a spotty script
Uneven performances and
Uneven performances
a spotty script
spotty script
spotty
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth
to a biting satire that has no teeth
a biting satire that has no teeth
that has no teeth
has no teeth
no teeth
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
irritating soul-searching garbage .
irritating
soul-searching garbage .
garbage .
garbage
both in breaking codes and making movies
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ...
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title
a disappointingly thin slice
disappointingly thin slice
disappointingly thin
disappointingly
amounts to surprisingly little
undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
undemanding action movies
heady jumble
insane
is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
joke
putting the toilet seat
toilet
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie ,
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie
several cliched movie structures : the road movie ,
several cliched movie structures : the road movie
several cliched movie structures :
several cliched movie structures
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
is an entirely foreign concept
ignore
A dreadful day in Irish history
A dreadful day
dreadful day
dreadful
somewhat flawed ,
flawed ,
flawed
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown
Nothing but an episode
guilty
at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it
, and not worth
unless you want to laugh at it
Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
unfairly
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
this painfully forced , false and fabricated
painfully forced , false and fabricated
painfully forced ,
painfully forced
painfully
forced
false and fabricated
false and
false
fabricated
A relative letdown .
relative letdown .
letdown .
letdown
though he only scratches the surface
only scratches the surface
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold
-LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold
, the film 's ice cold
A non-mystery mystery .
This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking :
in practically every facet of inept filmmaking
practically every facet of inept filmmaking
of inept filmmaking
inept filmmaking
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed ,
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed
joyless ,
joyless
idiotic
, annoying , heavy-handed
annoying , heavy-handed
annoying
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
visually atrocious ,
visually atrocious
atrocious
often downright creepy
downright creepy
One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
of the most highly-praised disappointments I
the most highly-praised disappointments I
highly-praised disappointments I
disappointments I
disappointments
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time
had the misfortune to watch in quite some time
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
wanes .
wanes
Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
very meticulously but without any passion
without any passion
Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne
waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
screams
stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
It labours as storytelling .
labours as storytelling .
labours as storytelling
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level
a ho-hum affair , always
a ho-hum affair ,
a ho-hum affair
ho-hum affair
affair
watchable yet hardly memorable .
yet hardly memorable
hardly memorable
I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
's probably not accurate to call it a movie
, writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
is schematic and obvious .
obvious
When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking
a dead man
dead
, Hard Copy should come a-knocking
the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you
wary natives
is abhorrent to you
abhorrent to you
abhorrent
the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
will quite likely be more like hell .
will quite likely be more like hell
be more like hell
hell
its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
more inexplicable
as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
turn more crassly reductive
crassly reductive
crassly
does n't connect in a neat way , but
does n't connect in a neat way ,
does n't connect in a neat way
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
no `` Waterboy
They 're going through the motions , but
They 're going through the motions ,
're going through the motions
going through the motions
the zip is gone
in the unfolding crisis
the lazy plotting
lazy plotting
little of our emotional investment
Not as good as the original
fortify this turgid fable
this turgid fable
turgid fable
turgid
An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
An unsophisticated
unsophisticated
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously
drama that takes itself all too seriously
that takes itself all too seriously
takes itself all too seriously
itself all too seriously
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy ,
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy
Stupid ,
Stupid
infantile , redundant , sloppy
infantile
, redundant , sloppy
redundant , sloppy
redundant
, sloppy
sloppy
over-the-top , and amateurish .
over-the-top , and amateurish
over-the-top , and
is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation ,
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
one more dumb high school comedy
dumb high school comedy
about sex gags and prom dates
sex gags and prom dates
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here ,
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here
anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here
will find little new here
find little new
cannibal
ordinary
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
obscenity is at hand
obscenity
, even the funniest idea is n't funny .
is n't funny .
is n't funny
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any
lacked any
lacked
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard .
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard
do n't need to try very hard
need to try very hard
sitting around
give each other the willies
do n't come off
suck
flaws
all Hollywood fantasies
Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
offers a desperately ingratiating performance
desperately
ingratiating
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
stumbles
over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
every cheap trick
cheap trick
the hallucinatory drug culture
prejudices
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
flailing around
flailing
in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
that 's neither original nor terribly funny
's neither original nor terribly funny
original nor terribly funny
nor terribly funny
terribly
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
This ill-conceived and expensive project
ill-conceived and expensive project
ill-conceived and expensive
ill-conceived and
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
slumming
Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs
is shallow , offensive and redundant ,
is shallow , offensive and redundant
shallow , offensive and redundant
, offensive and redundant
offensive and redundant
offensive and
offensive
with pitifully few real laughs
pitifully few real laughs
pitifully
Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
are they like humans , only hairier
would tax Einstein 's brain .
would tax Einstein 's brain
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but
simply becomes a routine shocker
a routine shocker
rank
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
seems manufactured to me and artificial
manufactured to me and artificial
artificial
Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors ,
is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors
sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .
it is formula filmmaking
wrong with that
laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can
a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can
rolled down a hill in a trash can
in a trash can
trash can
trash
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
Loses its sense of humor
in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and
failed jokes , twitchy acting ,
failed jokes , twitchy acting
failed jokes ,
failed jokes
failed
twitchy acting
general boorishness
boorishness
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
in treading the line between sappy and sanguine
sappy
winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
mired in tear-drenched quicksand
tear-drenched quicksand
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
To be oblivious to the existence of this film
be oblivious to the existence of this film
oblivious to the existence of this film
oblivious
its flaws
plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength
neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength
less conspicuous writing strength
conspicuous
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour
my problem with the movie 's final half hour
Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
tick-tock pacing
tick-tock
, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
two guys yelling in your face for two hours
yelling in your face for two hours
in your face for two hours
your face for two hours
A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
A soulless jumble of ineptly
soulless jumble
soulless
of ineptly
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
cliches and pabulum
cliches and
that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
a 95-minute commercial
95-minute commercial
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ;
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong
that manages to do virtually everything wrong
manages to do virtually everything wrong
to do virtually everything wrong
do virtually everything wrong
virtually everything wrong
sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
akin to an act of cinematic penance
fat
stymied by accents thick as mud .
stymied by accents thick as mud
by accents thick as mud
accents thick as mud
thick as mud
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
is why film criticism can be considered work .
is why film criticism can be considered work
criticism
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
Anyone who suffers through this film
suffers through this film
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy
at the very least
very least
a big box of consolation candy
a tough pill to swallow and
a tough pill to swallow
tough pill to swallow
pill to swallow
asylum material
walked away from this new version of E.T.
walked away
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama
pushes too hard
make this a comedy or serious drama
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
plays like some corny television
some corny television
corny television
from a bygone era
though flawed
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
be the only one laughing at his own joke
the only one laughing at his own joke
laughing at his own joke
Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
into bizarre , implausible behavior
bizarre , implausible
, implausible
implausible
sad but
Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling
smacks of exhibitionism
more than it does cathartic truth telling
cathartic
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
simplistic story
a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
dysfunctional parent-child relationship
dysfunctional
-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark
-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
-RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
are both overplayed and exaggerated
both overplayed and exaggerated
overplayed and exaggerated
overplayed
then again , subtlety has never been his trademark
, subtlety has never been his trademark
subtlety has never been his trademark
has never
, it 's also somewhat clumsy .
's also somewhat clumsy .
's also somewhat clumsy
somewhat clumsy
In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout --
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout
a stab at soccer hooliganism
a stab
at soccer hooliganism
double-barreled rip-off
rip-off
frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
refuses
Pinochet
crimes
Euro-trash
go boom
wars
smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
smirk uneasily
smirk
uneasily
at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
nightmare
everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
feel sanitised and stagey .
feel sanitised and stagey
sanitised and
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic ,
With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
a difficult time
A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
is way too indulgent .
is way too indulgent
too indulgent
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
the bad guys
the good , which is its essential problem
is its essential problem
its essential problem
, damaged characters
damaged
Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
lowbrow
plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
Clueless Does South Fork
Clueless
Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection
of disconnection
made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
by the incessant use of cell phones
the incessant use of cell phones
the incessant use
incessant use
incessant
may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque
obnoxious and didactic burlesque
obnoxious
say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log
a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log
balding 50-year-old actor
balding
Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center
seem to get anywhere near the story 's center
Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
, Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
never quite
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
A little more intensity
a little less charm
would have saved this film a world of hurt .
would have saved this film a world of hurt
a world of hurt
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand
seems contrived and secondhand
contrived and secondhand
deliberately unsteady
unsteady
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards
this date-night diversion
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it
I certainly was n't feeling any of it
certainly was n't feeling any of it
was n't feeling any of it
Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
Too long , and larded with exposition
, and larded with exposition
larded with exposition
larded
, this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
as the scruffy sands of its titular community
the scruffy sands of its titular community
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ;
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ;
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
too manipulative
the message is too blatant
is too blatant
too blatant
the resolutions
too convenient
A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
A characteristically engorged and sloppy
characteristically engorged and sloppy
characteristically engorged and
sometimes improbable story
sometimes improbable
improbable
way fears and slights
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
little room
with calamity
Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
its broad racial insensitivity
broad racial insensitivity
racial insensitivity
insensitivity
As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
is deadpan
's depression
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
begins as a Seven rip-off ,
begins as a Seven rip-off
as a Seven rip-off
a Seven rip-off
Seven rip-off
switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
any naked teenagers horror flick
naked teenagers horror flick
the 1980s
it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
An extremely unpleasant film .
An extremely unpleasant film
extremely unpleasant film
extremely unpleasant
unpleasant
More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
puzzling
Jonah is only so-so
is only so-so
the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it
This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
is too busy
too busy
busy
hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
marks to take on any life of its own
... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry ,
homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry
he 's dry
's dry
dry
, dry
As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences
stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences
's neglected over the years
neglected over the years
neglected
It should have stayed there .
should have stayed there .
should have stayed there
... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
in the pile of useless actioners
the pile of useless actioners
of useless actioners
useless actioners
useless
from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
MTV schmucks
schmucks
who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
a story for more than four minutes
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
she fails to provoke them .
fails to provoke them .
fails to provoke them
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight ,
's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
no point
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
nudity
visualize schizophrenia
the sick character
sick character
sick
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
This overproduced piece of dreck
This overproduced piece
overproduced piece
overproduced
of dreck
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
shockingly bad and
shockingly bad
absolutely unnecessary
As saccharine as it is disposable .
saccharine as
it is disposable .
is disposable
disposable
goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
that is flawed , compromised and sad
is flawed , compromised and sad
flawed , compromised and sad
, compromised and sad
compromised and sad
Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
despair
expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
consuming self-absorption
to be dismissed
So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
So exaggerated and broad
exaggerated and broad
exaggerated and
that it comes off as annoying rather than charming
it comes off as annoying rather than charming
comes off as annoying rather than charming
off as annoying rather than charming
annoying rather than charming
twisted
The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ,
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
the thrown-together feel
thrown-together feel
thrown-together
of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
summer-camp talent show
hastily written
underrehearsed
arbitrarily plotted
filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
crude humor and vulgar innuendo
crude
and vulgar innuendo
vulgar innuendo
innuendo
through even when the movie does n't
gangster
degrading and
to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
the dispassionate Gantz brothers
dispassionate
ordinary , pasty lumpen
, pasty lumpen
lumpen
But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
its make-believe promise of life
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
is the opposite of a truly magical movie
the opposite of a truly magical movie
But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
are both listless
listless
doing nothing
as the protagonists struggled
struggled
at the mercy of its inventiveness
is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
hamstrung
by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
a badly handled screenplay
badly handled screenplay
badly handled
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities ,
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities
may seem disappointing in its generalities
seem disappointing in its generalities
seem disappointing
disappointing
it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen ,
the little nuances
had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
scrutiny
confrontational stance
confrontational
A processed comedy chop suey .
processed comedy
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
, unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
is a little too in love with its own cuteness
is a little too in love
displacement
I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
worse
: the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
the poor acting
poor acting
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or
the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida
the flat dialogue
flat dialogue
the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
the gutless direction
gutless direction
gutless
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ,
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
directed the film from the back of a taxicab
about a horrifying historical event
Goes on and on to the point of nausea .
Goes on and on to the point of nausea
on and on to the point of nausea
to the point of nausea
the point of nausea
nausea
matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
one of the most plain white toast comic book films
the most plain white toast comic book films
most plain
It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest ,
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest
as any other Arnie musclefest
a little too much resonance with real world events
too much resonance
ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
comes off as insultingly simplistic
insultingly simplistic
insultingly
An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you
An unbelievably stupid film
unbelievably stupid
forget its absurdity .
forget its absurdity
forget
its absurdity
absurdity
Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
comatose ballerinas
comatose
is strictly a lightweight escapist film
It 's actually too sincere --
It 's actually too sincere
the crime movie equivalent
crime
If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
does Steven Seagal come across these days ?
Seagal
Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
Unambitious writing
Unambitious
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired
Not that any of us
should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
complaining
the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired
here leaves a lot to be desired
leaves a lot to be desired
lot to be desired
that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
this crude ,
this crude
this insane
` This movie sucks . '
This movie sucks . '
sucks . '
sucks .
sucks
Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
a rustic retreat and pee against a tree
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
A sugar-coated Rocky
sugar-coated Rocky
whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
forgotten 10 minutes
The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications
is too amateurishly square
too amateurishly square
amateurishly
its own ironic implications
most Hollywood romantic comedies
is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material
tackling what seems like done-to-death material
like done-to-death material
done-to-death material
done-to-death
melancholy
gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes
the creators of Do n't Ask
a hell
Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
downfall
by his lack of self-awareness
his lack of self-awareness
his lack
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course
becomes long and tedious
long and tedious
tedious
like a classroom play in a college history course
Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling
follows the formula ,
throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling
in too many conflicts
too many conflicts
too many
conflicts
scary and sad
roughage
While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel
, Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
a pointless , meandering celebration
pointless , meandering
, meandering
meandering
of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
tortured
woe-is-me
most immediate and most obvious
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone
through Kafka 's meat grinder
This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
This toothless Dog , already on cable ,
toothless Dog
on cable
loses all bite on the big screen .
loses all bite on the big screen
loses all
bite
Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
sequences boring .
sequences boring
boring
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
can tolerate Leon Barlow
tolerate Leon Barlow
Barlow
all the sibling rivalry and
chaos
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
As the movie dragged on
the movie dragged on
dragged on
, I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
the light of the exit sign
exit sign
cult
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and
Green ruins every single scene he 's in ,
Green ruins every single scene he 's in
ruins every single scene he 's in
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked ,
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked
completely wreaked
wreaked
is seriously compromised by that
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
the frustration ,
frustration
depleted
for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
inexperienced
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
Bad Company
is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
some flawed but rather unexceptional women ,
some flawed but rather unexceptional women
flawed but rather unexceptional women
flawed but rather unexceptional
unexceptional
short on plot but
short on plot
provided his own broadside
The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
The most excruciating 86 minutes one
most excruciating 86 minutes one
most excruciating 86 minutes
most excruciating
excruciating
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
involve a dentist drill
a dentist drill
, Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
is undone by his pretensions
undone by his pretensions
undone
Fans of so-bad-they 're
so-bad-they
in this jumbled mess
this jumbled mess
jumbled
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
some unpaid intern
unpaid intern
unpaid
had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists
` terrorists
into some Univac-like script machine
Univac-like script machine
Jagjit
... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him
miscellaneous bohos
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson
stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
stare and sniffle
as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
attempts , in vain ,
attempts , in vain
can overcome bad hair design
overcome bad hair design
bad hair design
of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
in a hot sake half-sleep
a hot sake half-sleep
hot sake half-sleep
heartbreak
older
Rather than real figures
Not just unlikable .
just unlikable .
just unlikable
unlikable
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
loneliness and isolation
loneliness
isolation
The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB-
The next big thing 's not-so-big
not-so-big
-LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB-
-LRB- and not-so-hot
not-so-hot
Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
Overly long
politics
ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
so badly
protagonist
fail
Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
undermining the movie 's reality and
Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
Limps along
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
fish-out-of-water formula
that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
up as the worst kind of hubristic folly
as the worst kind of hubristic folly
the worst kind of hubristic folly
worst kind
worst
hubristic folly
the last days
Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
Jay Russell
stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
at a tough-man contest
walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions --
walk out of The Good Girl
disapproval
strains
difficulty
the destruction of property
Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
are served with a hack script .
are served with a hack script
served with a hack script
with a hack script
a hack script
hack script
This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief
an insultingly inept and artificial examination
insultingly inept and artificial examination
insultingly inept and artificial
inept and artificial
inept and
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
A tired , unnecessary retread ...
A tired , unnecessary retread
tired , unnecessary retread
tired , unnecessary
, unnecessary
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
a stale copy
stale copy
of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
that was n't all that great to begin with
was n't all that great to begin with
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
into a warmed over pastiche
challenges
Read My Lips
is a gory slash-fest
a gory slash-fest
slash-fest
tepid Star Trek
tepid
falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .
falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
falls
because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
villain
could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and
could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ;
could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape
could n't
Borg
Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB-
stereotypes
and unsettling subject matter
unsettling subject matter
It 's just rather leaden and dull .
's just rather leaden and dull .
's just rather leaden and dull
rather leaden and dull
leaden and dull
leaden and
leaden
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
never clearly defines his characters or
never clearly defines his characters
The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments
darker
overwhelming
in the last few cloying moments
the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
crematorium
dead bodies
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
which is way too stagy
is way too stagy
too stagy
if tragic -RRB-
tragic -RRB-
it feels like unrealized potential
unrealized
Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
offers the none-too-original premise
the none-too-original premise
none-too-original premise
none-too-original
that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
con
a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow
while the audience can tell it 's not all new
tell it 's not all new
it 's not all new
's not all new
or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
`` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
an 88-minute rip-off
88-minute rip-off
with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
confined
random glass-shattering
unlike
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
can such a cold movie
a cold movie
cold movie
A bittersweet contemporary comedy
deception
may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
rival
Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
bungle their way through the narrative
bungle their way
were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
of Bible parables and not an actual story
tediously
It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch
's a terrible movie in every regard , and
's a terrible movie in every regard ,
's a terrible movie in every regard
a terrible movie in every regard
a terrible movie
terrible movie
terrible
utterly painful to watch
utterly painful
painful
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
same stuff
can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
buck or
in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
greasy little vidgame pit
little vidgame pit
its dreaminess may lull you to sleep
may lull you to sleep
lull you to sleep
sleep
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this
The only surprise
only surprise
assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit
desperate attempt
desperate
is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
Critical
two-dimensional and pointless
two-dimensional and
crushed
Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
is far less mature
interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy
as a call for pity and sympathy
pity and
pity
the imagined glory of their own pasts
In other words , it 's badder than bad .
, it 's badder than bad .
it 's badder than bad .
's badder than bad .
's badder than bad
badder than bad
badder
than bad
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
feels a bit anachronistic .
a bit anachronistic
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ,
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
the superficial tensions
tensions
the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation
settles too easily along the contours of expectation
settles too easily
Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
other than fling gags at it
fling gags at it
which ones shtick
shtick
subversive
You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there
it never quite gets there
never quite gets there
A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
equals the sum of its pretensions .
equals the sum of its pretensions
the sum of its pretensions
of its pretensions
its pretensions
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
be an attempt at hardass American
sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
just lapses into unhidden British
poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth .
we `` do n't care about the truth
do n't care about the truth
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
So boring
that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
that even its target audience talked all the way through it
even its target audience talked all the way through it
its target audience talked all the way through it
talked all the way through it
would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
pretended not to see it and
pretended not to see it
pretended
not to see it
lying
Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
been so aggressively anti-erotic
so aggressively anti-erotic
aggressively anti-erotic
detriment
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl --
do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
fret
because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
precious little substance in Birthday Girl
precious little substance
little substance
This is not Chabrol 's best , but
This is not Chabrol 's best
is not Chabrol 's best
aging , suffering and the prospect of death
aging , suffering
suffering
of death
The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
alienate the mainstream audience
alienate
while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
cliched to hardened indie-heads
hardened indie-heads
limited
killing its soul
this movie leaves you cool
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
petty thievery
petty
like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
flimsy flicks
flimsy
Paul Cox needed to show it .
leave everyone else yawning with admiration
everyone else yawning with admiration
yawning
They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
they are in this tepid genre offering
are in this tepid genre offering
in this tepid genre offering
this tepid genre offering
tepid genre offering
the emotional tumult
Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
here is DOA .
is DOA .
is DOA
the things that prevent people from reaching happiness
Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
Too bland and
to be truly prurient
borrows heavily
Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
, the film becomes predictably conventional .
the film becomes predictably conventional .
becomes predictably conventional .
becomes predictably conventional
predictably conventional
predictably
its characters , weak and strong
weak and
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
conflict
, Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
lacks balance ...
lacks balance
fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
talk down to them
, contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director
contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and
contrived plotting , stereotyped characters
contrived plotting ,
stereotyped characters
undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
this interminable , shapeless documentary
interminable , shapeless documentary
, shapeless documentary
shapeless documentary
shapeless
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
hear George Orwell turning over
George Orwell turning over
so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another
striking out
, unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
unrepentantly trashy
unrepentantly
trashy
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120
notice the flaws
the flaws
None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
Birthday Girl 's calculated events
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
finally has failed him .
has failed him
are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
taboo
Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse
Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda
Same song , second verse
Same song ,
coulda been better , but it coulda
been better , but it coulda
been worse
The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .
is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
drag along
the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight
Crikey indeed
Crikey
's exactly what you 'd expect .
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter ,
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter
's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter
for kids or their parents , for that matter
I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
may find it uninteresting
find it uninteresting
uninteresting
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
burn the negative and the script and
burn the negative and the script
the negative and the script
negative
pretend the whole thing never existed
the whole thing never existed
never existed
've grown tired of going where no man has gone before
grown tired of going where no man has gone before
tired of going where no man has gone before
endlessly
It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller
Just send it to Cranky .
Cranky
Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it
Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films ,
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films
the same blueprint
walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
walk away
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
offensive and nothing at all like real life
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution
in the conception than it does in the execution
the execution
seem to find the oddest places to dwell
Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much
but it 's just too too much
With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
, empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ...
His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
melodrama and tiresome love triangles
tiresome love triangles
Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break
but only among those who are drying out from spring break
drying out
unconcerned about what they ingest
unconcerned
No , even that 's too committed .
even that 's too committed .
the reefs
Low comedy does n't come much lower .
Low comedy
does n't come much lower .
The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter
lack depth or complexity ,
lack depth or complexity
depth or complexity
his life drew to a close
The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .
The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality
squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc
all-too-familiar
Minac drains his movie of all individuality
drains his movie of all individuality
drains
It may scream low budget ,
may scream low budget
scream low budget
scream
low budget
neo-Nazism
argue
While it may not add up to the sum of its parts
may not add up to the sum of its parts
being simpleminded
shifting in your chair too often
are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
no special effects , and no Hollywood endings
no special effects , and
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
the substance it so desperately needs
a schlocky creature
schlocky creature
schlocky
rather frightening
a labour
so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
be as pretentious
as pretentious
pretentious
ca n't possibly be enough
disquieting
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
A muddled limp biscuit
muddled
limp biscuit
of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
does n't make much
looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has
looks much more like a cartoon in the end
much more like a cartoon in the end
like a cartoon in the end
A generic international version of a typical American horror film .
A generic international version of a typical American horror film
A generic international version
of a typical American horror film
is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
a distinctly musty odour ,
a distinctly musty odour
distinctly musty
musty
its expiry date long gone
long gone
showcases
hit-man
achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
white-trash
Upper Teens may get cynical .
A small movie
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
then proceeds to flop
proceeds to flop
flop
, Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
runs out of steam after a half hour .
runs out of steam after a half hour
runs out of steam
Essentially a collection of bits --
A cartoon ?
wartime
These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
with but they 're simply not funny performers
but they 're simply not funny performers
're simply not funny performers
simply not funny performers
not funny performers
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture
It 's not a motion picture ;
it 's an utterly static picture
's an utterly static picture
utterly static picture
utterly static
static
their super-powers , their super-simple animation
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
is n't as easy to come by as it used to be
this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
naughty children 's
latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling
is not the director at his most sparkling
It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between
It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but
It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure ,
the first two films ' loose-jointed structure
loose-jointed structure
laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between
With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
Thin period piece
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
More of the same old garbage
of the same old garbage
the same old garbage
same old garbage
old garbage
Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now
Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing
Strident and inelegant
inelegant
in its ` message-movie ' posturing
my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
ache by the end of Kung Pow
ache
Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
, flashy , overlong soap opera .
flashy , overlong soap opera .
flashy , overlong soap
, overlong soap
overlong soap
overlong
White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
one-dimensional buffoons
one-dimensional
buffoons
get him a few laughs but nothing else
a few laughs but nothing else
... one resurrection too many .
one resurrection too many .
Execrable .
Execrable
I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
more if it had just gone that one step further
if it had just gone that one step further
-RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
snobbery
a better satiric target
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny ,
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny
gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny
gives poor Dana Carvey nothing
poor Dana Carvey
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
because he acts so goofy all the time
though their story is predictable
their story is predictable
is predictable
ambitious and moving but bleak
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
what ?!?
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
's nothing very attractive about this movie
I guess I come from a broken family , and
all aliens
Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary
Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary
Angel Of Death
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling
as a fairly weak retooling
a fairly weak retooling
fairly weak retooling
fairly weak
This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed
it 's far from fresh-squeezed
's far from fresh-squeezed
to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
the unacceptable , the unmentionable
the unacceptable ,
the unacceptable
unacceptable
the unmentionable
unmentionable
constrictive
a loss
Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .
this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and
a frustrating patchwork :
a frustrating patchwork
frustrating patchwork
frustrating
an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB-
an uneasy marriage
uneasy
The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast .
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
is like a year late
a year late
tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier
our reality tv obsession , and even
our reality tv obsession ,
reality tv obsession
tardier
for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
exploiting
Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
disconcertingly slack
disconcertingly
happened already
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
held hostage
by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
generic scripts
that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
, the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
is messy , murky , unsatisfying
messy , murky , unsatisfying
messy , murky ,
messy , murky
messy ,
messy
murky
unsatisfying
, the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated
been grossly underestimated
grossly
have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle
have been sacrificed for skin
been sacrificed for skin
flash that barely fizzle
that barely fizzle
barely fizzle
fizzle
A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
A film without surprise
did n't sell many records but
After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
30 seconds of plot
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
feels five hours long
five hours long
Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
Interminably bleak
, to say nothing of boring .
say nothing of boring
of boring
next movie
taken
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States
about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States
about the worst thing
the worst thing
worst thing
Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision
the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision
the slack complacency
slack complacency
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
drown out
the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
the tinny self-righteousness
tinny self-righteousness
self-righteousness
Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls
, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga
somewhat disappointing and meandering
disappointing and meandering
disappointing and
It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
's in the action scenes that things fall apart
that things fall apart
things fall apart
fall apart
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
no palpable chemistry
plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade
is workmanlike in the extreme .
is workmanlike in the extreme
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary
ultimately hollow mockumentary
hollow mockumentary
The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
uneven movie
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
actors in bad bear suits
bad bear suits
enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
lax and limp
lax and
lax
a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
through worn-out material
worn-out material
worn-out
It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying
sitcomishly predictable and cloying
sitcomishly
predictable and cloying
predictable and
Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
this rude and crude film
rude
and crude film
crude film
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
are all things we 've seen before
all things we 've seen before
've seen before
-LRB- A -RRB- mess .
-LRB- A -RRB- mess
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
pulse
a stereotype
manual
emptiness
it is missing
his aversion
Is it a comedy ?
for Godard
the director 's epitaph for himself
The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
a trifle
if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .
trailer-trash style .
trailer-trash style
trailer-trash
of low-budget filmmaking
low-budget filmmaking
low-budget
A fifty car pileup of cliches .
A fifty car pileup of cliches
A fifty car pileup
of cliches
Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
moviegoers not already clad in basic black
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
pitiful , slapdash disaster .
pitiful
, slapdash disaster .
slapdash disaster .
slapdash disaster
disaster
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling ,
too erotic nor very thrilling
too erotic nor
too erotic
draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
became a deadly foreign policy
Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
should pay money for what we can get on television for free
pay money for what we can get on television for free
for what we can get on television for free
can get on television for free
, a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
crime drama
spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line
from the Tinseltown assembly line
Tinseltown assembly line
Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France
any country
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
Abandon
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater
leave you wanting to abandon the theater
you wanting to abandon the theater
wanting to abandon the theater
to abandon the theater
abandon the theater
Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
, you 're desperate for the evening to end .
you 're desperate for the evening to end .
're desperate for the evening to end .
're desperate for the evening to end
desperate for the evening to end
the evening to end
rather shapeless
Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
a rejected X-Files episode
rejected X-Files episode
rejected
No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
the triviality
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste
dreary expanse
of dead-end distaste
dead-end distaste
dead-end
distaste
The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between .
The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between
disturbing
appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
a ` bad ' police shooting
bad ' police
shooting
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
Distances you
throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
so many red herrings , so many false scares
so many red herrings ,
so many red herrings
so many false scares
many false scares
the genuine ones barely register
barely register
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
Every sequel you skip
skip
will be two hours gained
Been there done that .
Been there done that
there done that
exist for hushed lines
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
in execution
is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
all awkward , static ,
all awkward , static
all awkward ,
all awkward
awkward
lifeless rumblings
rumblings
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
a giant step backward for a director I admire
a giant step backward
giant step backward
step backward
cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends
some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends
some contrived banter , cliches and
some contrived banter ,
contrived banter
loose
If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
dying
to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
see the same old thing in a tired old setting
see the same old thing
the same old thing
in a tired old setting
a tired old setting
tired old setting
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
the princess seem smug and cartoonish
seem smug and cartoonish
smug and cartoonish
when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
poor Hermocrates and Leontine
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
pathetically
the making of melodrama
cuts against this natural grain ,
against this natural grain
a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ,
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
An uncomfortable movie ,
An uncomfortable movie
uncomfortable movie
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
suffocating
sometimes almost senseless
almost senseless
senseless
Grey Zone
though a morbid one
a morbid one
morbid one
morbid
The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
The lousy John Q
lousy John Q
lousy
spits out
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality
devoid of pleasure or sensuality
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic
it can not even be dubbed hedonistic
can not even be dubbed hedonistic
hedonistic
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey ,
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ...
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid
insufferably tedious and turgid
insufferably
tedious and turgid
constricted
Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
as an actress in a role
that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
flopping
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic --
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic
is neither dramatic nor comic
neither dramatic nor comic
dramatic nor comic
dramatic nor
a weird fizzle
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
Collateral Damage is trash , but
Collateral Damage is trash ,
Collateral Damage is trash
is trash
've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
that 's when you 're in the most trouble
's when you 're in the most trouble
most trouble
: He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
He 's the con
the con
that woman 's doubts
skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond
putrid pond
putrid
of retread action twaddle
retread action twaddle
action twaddle
the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
paved with good intentions leads to the video store
good intentions leads to the video store
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow
flatulence
is as predictable as can be
is as predictable
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much
that 's not saying much
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
, bile , and irony
bile , and irony
bile
irony
This slight premise
aged
It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager
sanctimonious , self-righteous and
sanctimonious , self-righteous
sanctimonious
that you want to slap it
you want to slap it
want to slap it
slap
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places ,
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams
indie tatters and self-conscious seams
and self-conscious seams
most of the distance
the dark places of our national psyche
dark places
With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke
does n't necessarily
Sandra Bullock and
have worn threadbare .
worn threadbare
worn
Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
slow
The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
The action is stilted and
The action is stilted
stilted
tabloid
it is that it does n't give a damn .
is that it does n't give a damn
that it does n't give a damn
it does n't give a damn
damn
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
dust-caked stagnation
dust-caked
stagnation
labored gentility
labored
Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master
diminishing his stature
to lowly studio hack
lowly studio hack
studio hack
Horrid little propaganda film
Horrid
little propaganda film
propaganda film
propaganda
to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists
nearly as dreadful as expected
nearly as dreadful
as dreadful
But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
distanced us from the characters .
distanced us from the characters
distanced us
its worst harangues
worst harangues
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
a whole heap
of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
're ready to hate one character ,
ready to hate one character
hate one character
It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film
easy to make such a worthless film
to make such a worthless film
make such a worthless film
such a worthless film
a worthless film
worthless film
worthless
The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard ,
may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
An often unfunny
often unfunny
unfunny
is a frat boy 's idea of a good time
a frat boy 's idea
but not especially compelling
An EXIT sign , that is .
The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way ,
ruthless in its own placid way
own placid way
of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags
it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special
only half-an-hour long or
furious
at ninety minutes , it drags
, it drags
it drags
drags
feels draggy
draggy
It drowns in sap .
drowns in sap .
Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience
force its quirkiness
cuts corners
the filmmakers could dredge up
could dredge up
dredge up
dredge
Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .
Ayurveda does the field no favors
does the field no favors
the field no favors
Bland but harmless .
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance
, the film would be a total washout .
the film would be a total washout .
would be a total washout .
would be a total washout
be a total washout
a total washout
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars
might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .
might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
whipping out the dirty words
whipping
punching people in the stomach again
No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina
breaks no new ground and
breaks no new ground
treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina
treads old turf
Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
to have bitterly forsaken
have bitterly forsaken
bitterly
The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
a dim-witted pairing
dim-witted pairing
dim-witted
of teen-speak and animal gibberish
teen-speak and animal gibberish
gibberish
somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
hoary
What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
lunacy
Mel
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature
comes across as lame and sophomoric
across as lame and sophomoric
as lame and sophomoric
lame and sophomoric
lame and
lame
I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
this disappointed by a movie in a long time
disappointed by a movie in a long time
disappointed by a movie
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
because it overstays its natural running time
it overstays its natural running time
overstays its natural running time
overstays
Action - mechanical .
None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people
An incredibly irritating comedy
incredibly irritating comedy
incredibly irritating
about thoroughly vacuous people
vacuous
... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
the worst excesses of nouvelle
the worst excesses
worst excesses
vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
without any of its sense of fun or energy
Wait to see it then .
Wait to see it then
None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny
None of this is very original , and
None of this is very original
it is n't particularly funny
is n't particularly funny
was a fad that had long since vanished .
a fad that had long since vanished
fad
An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection
An uneasy mix
uneasy mix
run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and
Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor
is devoid of wit and humor
devoid of wit and humor
was trying to do than of what he had actually done
is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing
though thin writing proves its undoing
thin writing proves its undoing
thin writing
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
a cold blanket
cold blanket
desperation
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
a weak script
weak script
ca n't support the epic treatment
The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
plays like a tired Tyco ad .
plays like a tired Tyco ad
like a tired Tyco ad
a tired Tyco ad
tired Tyco ad
That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly .
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous
muy loco , but no more ridiculous
muy loco
more ridiculous
ridiculous
creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
discomfort
Includes too much obvious padding .
Includes too much obvious padding
too much obvious padding
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast
is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
drowned out
by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
loopy
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations
cast in impossibly contrived situations
impossibly contrived situations
impossibly
contrived situations
are totally estranged from reality .
are totally estranged from reality
totally estranged from reality
estranged from reality
estranged
For every cheesy scene
every cheesy scene
cheesy
-LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB-
, Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
frustrating and
not in the way this film showcases him
It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
to believe that something so short could be so flabby
believe that something so short could be so flabby
that something so short could be so flabby
so short could be so flabby
so short
could be so flabby
so flabby
flabby
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
indulges in the worst elements of all of them
in the worst elements of all of them
the worst elements of all of them
the worst elements
worst elements
-- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier
inspired '' was a lot funnier
enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
been cobbled together onscreen
, but not compelling .
, but not compelling
not compelling
An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good
that 's too clever for its own good
too clever for its own good
, it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
's a conundrum not worth solving
in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
illness
unable
Eh
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda
Highly uneven and inconsistent ...
Highly uneven and inconsistent
Highly uneven and
Highly uneven
inconsistent
resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
the el cheapo margaritas
cheapo
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course
touch on spousal abuse
spousal abuse
abuse
veers off course
veers off
becomes just another revenge film
just another revenge film
struggling
Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
formulaic
... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
the bottom of the barrel
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role --
might have guessed
makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role
sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role
sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and
sorry use of Aaliyah in her one
she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
does little here but point at things that explode into flame
does little here
does little
point at things that explode into flame
A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
A sub-formulaic slap in the face
A sub-formulaic slap
sub-formulaic slap
sub-formulaic
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise
baffling mixed platter
with a hard-to-swallow premise
a hard-to-swallow premise
hard-to-swallow premise
hard-to-swallow
-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
is n't as funny as it should be
is n't as funny
to believe in something that is improbable
controversy
My own minority report is that it stinks .
minority report
is that it stinks .
is that it stinks
that it stinks
it stinks
stinks
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
from the dullest science fiction
the dullest science fiction
dullest science fiction
dullest
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more
handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama
unfulfilling
suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC
suited to a quiet evening on PBS
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
the film 's Sopranos gags
incredibly dated and unfunny
dated and unfunny
dated
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
're - doing-it-for - the-cash
To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
, it will probably be a talky bore .
it will probably be a talky bore .
will probably be a talky bore .
will probably be a talky bore
be a talky bore
a talky bore
bore
There 's no real reason to see it , and
There 's no real reason to see it ,
There 's no real reason to see it
's no real reason to see it
no real reason to see it
to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing
this silly con job
silly con job
con job
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours
runs for only 71 minutes and
feels like three hours
hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic
ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal
Troll
Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be
is even worse
even worse
Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
the worst film
worst film
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
fumbles away
almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
a crucial third act miscalculation
third act miscalculation
miscalculation
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
, however entertainingly presented ,
they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters
futuristic women in skimpy clothes
skimpy
It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
any way of gripping what its point is , or
any way of gripping what its point is ,
any way of gripping what its point is
A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
A loquacious and dreary piece
loquacious and dreary piece
and dreary piece
dreary piece
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .
is as predictable as the tides .
is as predictable as the tides
as predictable as the tides
predictable as the tides
spirit-crushing ennui
spirit-crushing
Disturbing .
arduous journey
arduous
dangerous and domineering
A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film
between the artificial structure
the artificial structure
artificial structure
admittedly manipulative
-LRB- A -RRB- slummer .
slummer
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
, in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence
the level of marginal competence
marginal
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
who is chasing who or
For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
, Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises .
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
its leaden acting , dull exposition and
its leaden acting ,
its leaden acting
dull exposition
On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
, the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination ,
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. ,
a subzero version
subzero version
subzero
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected :
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected
1960s rebellion
misdirected
Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
need , neurosis and nervy
negativity
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ...
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
, artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
, ill-constructed and fatally overlong
ill-constructed and fatally overlong
ill-constructed
and fatally overlong
fatally overlong
it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
finds a consistent tone and lacks bite ,
finds a consistent tone and lacks bite
degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
degenerating
into a pious , preachy soap opera
a pious , preachy soap opera
pious , preachy soap opera
, preachy soap opera
preachy soap opera
repressed
Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers
after drinking twelve beers
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep
audience falls asleep
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
gets sillier , not scarier ,
gets sillier , not scarier
sillier , not scarier
, not scarier
not scarier
Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
tear-stained
An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
raucous and sappy
you 'd be wise to send your regrets
to send your regrets
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
monotone narration
monotone
The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
proves tiresome ,
proves tiresome
with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
the surface histrionics
failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
the paper-thin characterizations and
the paper-thin characterizations
paper-thin characterizations
TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
more self-absorbed women than the mother and
self-absorbed
adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
falls a little flat
a little flat
with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
never quite delivers the original magic
Everyone 's to blame here .
mourns her tragedies in private
mourns
her tragedies
brittle desperation
Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
, I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
I fear
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
by the artsy and often pointless visuals
the artsy and often pointless visuals
artsy and often pointless
often pointless
What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
a disappointment
disappointment
is the superficial way it deals with its story
the superficial way it deals with its story
the superficial way
Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
, it 'll only put you to sleep .
it 'll only put you to sleep .
'll only put you to sleep .
'll only put you to sleep
put you to sleep
under our skin
uses very little dialogue
Truly terrible .
Truly terrible
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
`` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
silly fluff
Anemic , pretentious .
Anemic , pretentious
Anemic ,
Anemic
makes you nervous
nervous
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ,
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
Watchable up until the point
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
spin hopelessly out
hopelessly out
There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
the hell cares
the hell
`` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
-LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it
does n't so much phone in his performance as
so much phone in his performance as
The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle
a confusing melange of tones and styles ,
a confusing melange
confusing melange
confusing
the next a turgid drama
become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing
buzz-obsessed
bewilderingly
succumbing to sentimentality
Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences ,
repellent
In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
emotional seesawing
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
lightness and strictness
for Beginners
aimlessness
from seeming predictably formulaic
seeming predictably formulaic
predictably formulaic
guilt
noble end
cornball sequel
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance
does n't quite go the distance
does n't quite
to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
broken characters
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
to make their way through this tragedy
And that is where Ararat went astray .
that is where Ararat went astray .
is where Ararat went astray .
went astray
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
lots of boring talking heads , etc.
of boring talking heads , etc.
boring talking heads , etc.
boring talking heads ,
boring talking heads
Discursive
This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
is about as necessary as a hole in the head
as a hole in the head
a hole in the head
virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
chokes on its own self-consciousness .
chokes on its own self-consciousness
chokes
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
most plain , unimaginative
plain , unimaginative
, unimaginative
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
style massacres erupt throughout
but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
-- not the first , by the way --
, exhilaratingly tasteless .
exhilaratingly tasteless .
exhilaratingly tasteless
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker
an unendurable viewing experience
unendurable viewing experience
unendurable
a massive infusion
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
mined his personal horrors and
horrors
Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold
gives us mostly fool 's gold
mostly fool 's gold
mostly fool 's
fool
looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
looks like a made-for-home-video quickie
like a made-for-home-video quickie
a made-for-home-video quickie
made-for-home-video quickie
This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers ,
The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
destroy
everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
to split up so that it can do even more damage
split up so that it can do even more damage
it can do even more damage
can do even more damage
It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
a bad sign
bad sign
when you instantly know whodunit
you instantly know whodunit
instantly know whodunit
A cockeyed shot all the way .
Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
Befuddled in its characterizations
Befuddled
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
Press the delete key .
Press the delete key
the delete key
delete key
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
The plot is paper-thin and
The plot is paper-thin
the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
are n't
watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
two whole hours
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
stranded
resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot
resentful Betty and
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches
Showtime 's uninspired send-up
TV cop show cliches
mostly leaves him shooting blanks
leaves him shooting blanks
shooting blanks
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ...
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
` Slackers '
dumb , insulting , or childish
, insulting , or childish
insulting , or childish
insulting
childish
jealousy
that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue
off-kilter dialogue
A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
surprisingly flat
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
retread ,
hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
half-baked setups and
half-baked setups
half-baked
sluggish pacing
sluggish
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
how difficult
, there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
It 's still a comic book ,
Where the film falters is in its tone .
the film falters
falters
is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
never shoot straight
shoot
But here 's a movie about it anyway .
Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
running off
the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
the limited chemistry
limited chemistry
loses its ability to shock and amaze .
loses its ability to shock and amaze
Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
, Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
, Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
are so unmemorable
so unmemorable
unmemorable
, despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes
several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes
at lengthy dialogue scenes
that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
this gutter romancer 's
gutter romancer 's
gutter
secondhand material
None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but
Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
milks drama when she should be building suspense
when she should be building suspense
drags out
too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
too many scenes toward the end
in their recklessness
their recklessness
Me no lika da accents so good , but
Me no lika da accents so good ,
Me no lika da accents so good
no lika da accents so good
no lika da
no lika
The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
a ridiculous wig
ridiculous wig
no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
A timid , soggy near miss .
A timid , soggy near miss
timid
near miss
hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
surprisingly similar
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and
laden with plenty of baggage
plenty of baggage
tinged with tragic undertones
is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
as a prissy teenage girl
prissy
dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
looking for a story
, do n't bother .
do n't bother
Absurdities
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel
like lint in a fat man 's navel
in a fat man 's navel
a fat man 's navel
A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
flick that scalds like acid .
flick that scalds like acid
that scalds like acid
scalds like acid
like acid
of war
A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
so-so , made-for-TV
made-for-TV
posing as a real movie .
posing as a real movie
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but
it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
this listless feature will win him any new viewers
this listless feature
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet
is that it 's far too sentimental .
is that it 's far too sentimental
that it 's far too sentimental
's far too sentimental
far too sentimental
If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
A crass and insulting homage to great films
A crass and insulting homage
crass and insulting homage
crass and insulting
cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience
inability to stand in for true , lived experience
the film is more worshipful than your random E !
do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
close to losing my lunch
to losing my lunch
losing my lunch
There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
a heavy stench of ` been there , done
a heavy stench
heavy stench
stench
been there , done
' hanging over the film
hanging
Only those most addicted to film violence
addicted
The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
, State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful
hitting the audience over the head with a moral
the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale ,
the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale
slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale
slightly flawed
-LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale
-LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB-
The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .
Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
not a good movie
sorrowfully
It is n't scary .
is n't scary .
is n't scary
Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
Like a fish that 's lived too long
a fish that 's lived too long
that 's lived too long
, Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places
has some unnecessary parts and
has some unnecessary parts
some unnecessary parts
is kinda wrong in places
kinda wrong in places
kinda wrong
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine
If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
you 're not a fan
, it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
the strain of its plot contrivances and
the strain of its plot contrivances
strain
of its plot contrivances
its plot contrivances
plot contrivances
its need to reassure
twisted sense
Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
that quickly wears out its limited welcome
quickly wears out its limited welcome
wears out its limited welcome
life 's ultimate losers
losers
it never seems fresh and vital .
never seems fresh and vital .
Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
poorly written , murky and weakly acted
poorly written
, murky and weakly acted
and weakly acted
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
lost their movie mojo
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ,
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience
would subtlety be lost on the target audience
be lost on the target audience
lost on the target audience
that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
's also too stupid
too stupid
to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
seen this exact same movie a hundred times
` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
Linklater
pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde
pretentious types
suck up
nonchallenging
It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
grave
is even remotely new or interesting
remotely new or interesting
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era :
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era
a fatal mistake
fatal mistake
He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and
upsets
shreds the fabric of the film
sleaze
the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .
is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values
is just hectic and homiletic
just hectic and homiletic
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
consider a DVD rental instead
recalls
a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
a reluctant , irresponsible man and
reluctant , irresponsible man
reluctant , irresponsible
reluctant
, irresponsible
irresponsible
The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
to churn out one mediocre movie after another
churn out one mediocre movie after another
churn out one mediocre movie
one mediocre movie
mediocre movie
Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and
its recycled aspects , implausibility ,
its recycled aspects , implausibility
its recycled aspects ,
its recycled aspects
sags in pace
sags
The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly
as padded as Allen 's jelly belly
padded
Hollywood pipeline
worked against the maker 's minimalist intent
against the maker 's minimalist intent
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
cracked lunacy
thanks to an astonishingly witless script
an astonishingly witless script
witless script
witless
, but wanes in the middle
Slap Her
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on
becomes more and more frustrating
more and more frustrating
more frustrating
vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
vulgarity , sex scenes , and
vulgarity , sex scenes
vulgarity
cussing
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences ,
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences
cheesy backdrops ,
cheesy backdrops
ridiculous action sequences
tired jokes
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders ,
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders
it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
falls down
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
A lame romantic comedy
lame romantic comedy
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
an unsympathetic character and someone
unsympathetic
who would not likely be so stupid as to get
would not likely be so stupid as to get
be so stupid
so stupid
Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
the downward spiral comes to pass
the downward spiral
, Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
bears out as your typical junkie opera
your typical junkie opera
typical junkie opera
junkie
In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
book-on-tape
would be an abridged edition
After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
this strenuously unconventional movie
, you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
discover that the answer is as conventional as can be
that the answer is as conventional as can be
the answer is as conventional as can be
is as conventional as can be
We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and
We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes ,
We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes
hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes
she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
lacks the skill or presence
A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
mishmash
that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
, Bartleby performs neither one very well .
Bartleby performs neither one very well .
performs neither one very well .
performs neither one very well
's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .
's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American
not entirely convincing about The Quiet American
Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
fussing over too weak a recipe
fussing over
too weak a recipe
too weak
It still feels like a prison stretch .
feels like a prison stretch .
feels like a prison stretch
like a prison stretch
home movie gone haywire
haywire
as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
, I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
Ah-nuld 's
, thumpingly hyperbolic terms
, it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
every cliche
in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
crass , jaded movie types and
crass , jaded movie types
crass , jaded
jaded
the phony baloney movie biz
phony baloney movie biz
phony
baloney movie biz
baloney
The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
leaves a bitter taste .
leaves a bitter taste
a bitter taste
bitter taste
bitter
, the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go
flattening its momentum with about an hour to go
flattening its momentum with about an hour
flattening its momentum
flattening
Because the film deliberately lacks irony
The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
too easy
Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
Aloof and
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
cruel , misanthropic stuff
cruel
misanthropic stuff
misanthropic
with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
weak claims
sting like bees
have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
slightest difficulty
of Jason X
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but
made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
need of some trims and
need of some trims
Funk
The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''
The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , ``
give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film ,
give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film
falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film
falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan
falls flat as thinking man
flat as thinking man
You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
You can taste it , but there 's no fizz
there 's no fizz
's no fizz
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly
Control-Alt-Delete Simone
Control-Alt-Delete
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short
in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short
, The Four Feathers comes up short
The Four Feathers comes up short
Nothing overly original
in a sick , twisted sort of way
a sick , twisted sort of way
sick , twisted sort
, twisted sort
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse
manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly
feminist empowerment tale thinly
empowerment tale thinly
posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
so sloppily written and
so sloppily written
sloppily written
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
, the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
is remarkably dull with only Caine
remarkably dull with only Caine
dull with only Caine
Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease
run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease
run-of-the-mill revulsion
revulsion
for extreme unease
extreme unease
unease
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ,
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
too loud and
too loud
thoroughly overbearing
overbearing
South Korea 's
Hopkins\/Rock collision
collision
The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and
approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony
with a shocking lack of irony
a shocking lack
shocking lack
Hell House
Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .
Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring
is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit
is very , very far
Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
Call me a cynic ,
there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
something awfully deadly
awfully deadly
awfully
no problem
difficult '' movies
to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality
surrounding us with hyper-artificiality
hyper-artificiality
racism and homophobia
racism and
racism
Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
here lacks considerable brio .
lacks considerable brio
Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
classified as a movie-industry satire
lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
definitive , if disingenuous , feature
definitive , if disingenuous ,
, if disingenuous ,
if disingenuous ,
disingenuous ,
disingenuous
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ;
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
with unlikable , spiteful idiots
unlikable , spiteful idiots
, spiteful idiots
spiteful idiots
spiteful
idiots
whether or not
makes no difference in the least
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
This insufferable movie
insufferable movie
insufferable
about existential suffering
existential suffering
delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence
passive-aggressive
All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition
to much more than trite observations on the human condition
trite
, the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage
is -- to its own detriment -- much
-- to its own detriment -- much
to its own detriment --
to its own detriment
its own detriment
more a cinematic collage
a polemical tract
polemical tract
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
Perhaps the grossest movie
the grossest movie
grossest movie
grossest
In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
, it does n't even seem like she tried .
it does n't even seem like she tried .
does n't even seem like she tried
, it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
left well enough alone and just
all these distortions
distortions
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense
several scenes of this tacky nonsense
of this tacky nonsense
tacky nonsense
nonsense
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
on a Wal-Mart budget
a Wal-Mart budget
Wal-Mart budget
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person
Formuliac
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
does not translate well to the screen
nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
queasy
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
ultra-violent gangster wannabe
ultra-violent
wannabe
the movie is certainly not number 1
not number 1
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie .
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself ,
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself
we have a bad , bad , bad movie
have a bad , bad , bad movie
a bad , bad , bad movie
bad , bad , bad movie
, bad , bad movie
bad , bad movie
, bad movie
bad movie
Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
, I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation
An annoying orgy
annoying orgy
orgy
exploitation
that has no point and goes nowhere
has no point and goes nowhere
has no point and
has no point
There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs
two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
sucked up all
sucked
Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
conceit
murderous
Go , girls , right down the reality drain .
girls , right down the reality drain
right down the reality drain
down the reality drain
reality drain
drain
Ghetto
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
is nothing redeeming about this movie .
is nothing redeeming about this movie
performance - ahem
The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
The waterlogged script
waterlogged script
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric
stupidity
incoherence and sub-sophomoric
incoherence and
sub-sophomoric
It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
concentrates far too much
on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
awkward interplay and utter lack
interplay and utter lack
utter lack
the nightmare of war
the nightmare
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
loud , violent and mindless
, violent and mindless
violent and mindless
violent and
The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half
a case of masochism and an hour and a half
masochism
faked
A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
too late
... also one of the most curiously depressing
also one of the most curiously depressing
one of the most curiously depressing
of the most curiously depressing
curiously depressing
flawed and
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty
imponderably stilted and
imponderably stilted
self-consciously arty
self-consciously
This thing is virtually unwatchable .
is virtually unwatchable .
is virtually unwatchable
virtually unwatchable
unwatchable
it 's a dish that 's best served cold
from David 's point of view
An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
An inexperienced director ,
has much to learn
caffeinated , sloppy
you wish had been developed with more care
wish had been developed with more care
been developed with more care
more disciplined grade-grubbers
grade-grubbers
shame
It 's just not very smart .
's just not very smart .
's just not very smart
It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
gaudy Hawaiian shirt
poignancy
But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
does n't really believe in it ,
does n't really believe in it
breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
inappropriate
the torments and angst
torments and angst
torments and
torments
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
become almost as operatic to us
Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick
into a mundane '70s disaster flick
a mundane '70s disaster flick
mundane '70s disaster flick
mundane '70s
mundane
disaster flick
Madonna 's
A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .
brutally dry satire
brutally dry
numbness .
numbness
perfectly bland
means scary horror movie
And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
is n't the actor to save it .
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
falls into the trap of pretention
into the trap of pretention
pretention
refusal
With lesser talents
lesser talents
, High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
, but forgettable
forgettable
I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
could n't help but
feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
the wasted potential
wasted potential
wasted
is more in love with strangeness than excellence
with strangeness than excellence
he just needs better material
just needs better material
needs better material
Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
`` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
`` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it
a convolution of language that suggests it
a convolution
's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face
impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face
impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story ''
impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story
, -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
-LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
-LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19
there is n't much about K-19
is n't much about K-19
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes
it 's too long
's too long
it goes nowhere
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art
with too much exploitation and too little art
too much exploitation and too little art
too much exploitation and too little
too much exploitation and
too much exploitation
too little
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ?
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ...
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
a sour little movie
sour little movie
sour
the relentless gaiety
The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for
has a `` What was it all for
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door
you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
want to think too much about what 's going on
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark
Talkiness
the dialogue frequently misses the mark
frequently misses the mark
misses the mark
are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
which hurts the overall impact of the film
hurts the overall impact of the film
hurts
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
built for controversy .
Alas , another breathless movie about same
Reaches
of despair
If you do n't
skip to another review
In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but
In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This ,
In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
is not as funny or entertaining
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
A generic bloodbath that often becomes
A generic bloodbath
bloodbath
laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
laughably
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive
unbearable
when it is n't merely offensive
it is n't merely offensive
is n't merely offensive
merely offensive
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
one of those ` alternate reality '
it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
worked so much better dealing in only one reality
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
wretchedly unfunny wannabe
wretchedly
unfunny wannabe
is inane and awful
inane and awful
inane and
inane
no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
, it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
the worst movie I 've seen this summer
the worst movie
worst movie
It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .
winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
-LRB- vainly , I think -RRB-
vainly , I think
vainly
the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it
the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania
the feeble examples
feeble
Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly
ultimately cowardly
cowardly
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
Dull ,
a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
surprisingly short of both adventure and song
short of both adventure and song
is after something darker
Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper
Overwrought ,
Overwrought
melodramatic bodice-ripper
for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
a \*\* holes
\*\* holes
are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .
are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector
an Iraqi factory
is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences ,
short on larger moralistic consequences
Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation
Even the hastily and amateurishly
the hastily and amateurishly
hastily and amateurishly
hastily and
can not engage .
can not engage
Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
Plodding , peevish and gimmicky
Plodding ,
peevish and gimmicky
peevish and
peevish
Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original ,
disgrace it ,
disgrace it
disgrace
No. .
No.
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
vapid vehicle
is downright doltish and uneventful
doltish and uneventful
doltish and
doltish
uneventful
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk
as obvious as telling a country skunk
obvious as telling a country skunk
as telling a country skunk
a country skunk
skunk
he has severe body odor
has severe body odor
severe body odor
It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
crap
a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
such a dependable concept was botched in execution
was botched in execution
botched in execution
botched
droll whimsy
... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
, everything else about the film tanks .
everything else about the film tanks .
tanks .
tanks
Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
institutionalized slavery
with a white-empowered police force
a white-empowered police force
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous
it 's self-defeatingly decorous
's self-defeatingly decorous
self-defeatingly decorous
The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card
about as inspiring
With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
With little visible talent and no energy
little visible talent and no energy
little visible talent and
little visible talent
no energy
, Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
major acting lessons and
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
unfortunately , it runs for 170
, it runs for 170
fairly parochial melodrama
mean
A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
poky
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
sham actor workshops and
sham actor workshops
an affected malaise
malaise
insane liberties
... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story
to lend some dignity to a dumb story
lend some dignity to a dumb story
to a dumb story
dumb story
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering
undercut
by its awkward structure and a final veering
its awkward structure and a final veering
its awkward structure and
its awkward structure
awkward structure
in spite of its predictability
occasional slowness
when her material is not first-rate
her material is not first-rate
is not first-rate
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
a mess
of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
mixed messages ,
over-blown drama
over-blown
World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special ,
You would n't want to live waydowntown ,
You would n't want to live waydowntown
would n't want to live waydowntown
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche
, No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet
is Hartley 's least accessible screed
least accessible
locales
do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse
distinctive discourse
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
to see who can out-bad-act the other
see who can out-bad-act the other
who can out-bad-act the other
can out-bad-act the other
out-bad-act the other
Qutting may be a flawed film , but
Qutting may be a flawed film ,
Qutting may be a flawed film
may be a flawed film
be a flawed film
a flawed film
flawed film
is nothing if not
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
from any movie with a `` 2 ''
A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
A painfully slow cliche-ridden film
painfully slow cliche-ridden film
painfully slow
cliche-ridden film
filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
more holes
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie
wishy-washy melodramatic movie
wishy-washy
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
its characters ' decisions
only unsatisfactorily
animated movies in quite a while
she might not make for a while
floppy hair
floppy
self-deprecating stammers
self-deprecating
geriatric Dirty Harry ,
geriatric Dirty Harry
incompetent cops
-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness
-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and
-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics
an overall sense of brusqueness
that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
strays past the two and a half mark
strays
Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness
frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness
frittered away
frittered
in middle-of-the-road blandness
middle-of-the-road blandness
blandness
Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
straining to produce another smash
take on loss and loneliness .
take on loss and loneliness
loss and loneliness
In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
, Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature
sounds whiny and defensive ,
sounds whiny and defensive
whiny and defensive
whiny and
whiny
made him bitter and less mature
bitter and less mature
is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
even predictable remake
war 's
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
, can prevent its tragic waste of life
can prevent its tragic waste of life
prevent its tragic waste of life
its tragic waste of life
its tragic waste
tragic waste
does n't reach them
literally bruising jokes
literally bruising
bruising
Seems like someone going through the motions .
Seems like someone going through the motions
someone going through the motions
While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
a gawky actor
gawky actor
gawky
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ...
whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball
therapy-dependent flakeball
flakeball
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers ,
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy
once overly old-fashioned
overly old-fashioned
sudsy
in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
is the filmmakers ' point ?
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
's easier to change the sheets
than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
change hackneyed concepts
hackneyed concepts
hackneyed
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film ,
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film
is not quite what it could have been as a film
not quite what it could have been as a film
not quite
feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .
like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
an episode of Miami Vice
most of its ilk
all , a condition only the old are privy to
misconstrued
An ugly , revolting movie .
An ugly , revolting movie
ugly , revolting movie
ugly , revolting
, revolting
revolting
boiling point
The main problem
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ,
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game
predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game
, Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
even more ludicrous
ludicrous
expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
from the guy-in-a-dress genre
a personal low for everyone involved
a personal low for everyone
a personal low
personal low
But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
farce
sacrificing its high-minded appeal
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly ,
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
simply stupid , irrelevant and
simply stupid , irrelevant
simply stupid ,
irrelevant
bottomlessly cynical
bottomlessly
find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
bad ideas and awkwardness
ideas and awkwardness
It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
believe that a life like this can sound so dull
that a life like this can sound so dull
a life like this can sound so dull
can sound so dull
sound so dull
so dull
If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri
, you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake
avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake
this like the dreaded King Brown snake
dreaded
Wait for pay per view or rental but
dismiss BarberShop out of hand
dismiss
's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
add to the confusion
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws ,
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws
This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
its abrupt drop in IQ
its abrupt drop
abrupt drop
abrupt
points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
proves simply too discouraging to let slide
simply too discouraging to let slide
too discouraging to let slide
discouraging
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
be careful what you wish for ''
be careful what you wish for
moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
overlooked pitfalls
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
So bland and utterly forgettable
So bland and
So bland
utterly forgettable
that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
an unpleasantly
unpleasantly
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
shallow and immature character
and immature character
immature character
to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
claustrophobic
It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .
lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation
I realized the harsh reality of my situation
realized the harsh reality of my situation
the harsh reality of my situation
harsh reality
harsh
I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
leave the theater
with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
a lower I.Q.
lower I.Q.
A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
fails to rise above its disgusting source material
its disgusting source material
disgusting source material
disgusting
To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
Blandly
Went 8 Movies Ago
... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and
impossible spot
because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
deceptions
ultimately undo him
An overly familiar scenario
overly familiar scenario
overly familiar
low-budget , video-shot
It 's still terrible !
's still terrible !
to the nadir of the thriller\/horror
the nadir of the thriller\/horror
nadir
beneath it
the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering
regret
you 'll regret
Bad company .
his own idiosyncratic strain
creeps
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake -
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake
rushed , slapdash ,
rushed , slapdash
rushed ,
rushed
sequel-for-the-sake
the turmoil
turmoil
for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool
a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool
that takes nearly three hours to unspool
takes nearly three hours to unspool
workman 's
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ...
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk
A cellophane-pop remake
cellophane-pop remake
Stains
is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
much worse than bland or
much worse than bland
worse than bland
than bland
inconsequential
Every joke is repeated at least four times .
is repeated at least four times .
repeated at least four times
repeated
with lots of downtime in between
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend .
is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , '
not the Craven of ' A Nightmare
of ' A Nightmare
A Nightmare
the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
the sad schlock merchant
sad schlock merchant
is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again ,
strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin
Schneider is no Steve Martin
no Steve Martin
Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it
it promises , just not well enough to recommend it
promises , just not well enough to recommend it
promises , just not well enough
just not well enough
not well enough
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
distracting special effects and visual party tricks
distracting
that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
's not clear
whether we 're supposed to shriek
The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
more bizarre than actually amusing
more bizarre than
more bizarre
That 's because relatively nothing happens .
's because relatively nothing happens .
's because relatively nothing happens
because relatively nothing happens
relatively nothing happens
relatively nothing
of being the big
needs to stay afloat in Hollywood
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ,
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
concocted
by folks worthy of scorn
of scorn
the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
can say
is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven
Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence
while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie
disintegrating over the course of the movie
of his recent death
offers little else of consequence
little else of consequence
little else
his difficult , endless work
difficult , endless work
difficult , endless
a fall
anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
overrun
by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
corrupt and hedonistic weasels
corrupt
Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations
to make absurdist observations
absurdist
Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
Topics that could make a sailor blush
It 's so laddish and juvenile
's so laddish and juvenile
laddish and juvenile
juvenile
only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
given up
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny
loud , brash and mainly unfunny
, brash and mainly unfunny
brash and mainly unfunny
and mainly unfunny
mainly unfunny
The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
a mere excuse
for the wan , thinly sketched story
the wan , thinly sketched story
wan
thinly sketched story
With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
nary an original idea
this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
sappy ethnic sleeper
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
pollute the summer movie pool
The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots
the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots
the achingly unfunny Phonce
achingly unfunny Phonce
unfunny Phonce
his several silly subplots
silly subplots
a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers
a mostly boring affair
mostly boring affair
mostly boring
with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers
a confusing sudden finale
that 's likely to irk viewers
's likely to irk viewers
irk viewers
irk
A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
reality-snubbing
hodgepodge .
hodgepodge
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
its many out-sized ,
out-sized
out of character and logically porous action set
out of character and logically
, the disparate elements do n't gel
the disparate elements do n't gel
disparate elements
do n't gel
the tortured husband
tortured husband
a painful lie
painful lie
long-suffering
as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
into something more recyclable than significant
something more recyclable than significant
more recyclable than significant
more recyclable than
more recyclable
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors
It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but
It 's not the worst comedy of the year
the worst comedy of the year
the worst comedy
worst comedy
it certainly wo n't win any honors
certainly wo n't win any honors
the ol' ball-and-chain
are those who just want the Ball and Chain
the Ball and Chain
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
American and
Holocaust literature
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
of any film more challenging or depressing
any film more challenging or depressing
more challenging or depressing
challenging or depressing
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
A plodding teen remake
plodding teen remake
that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
you can smell the grease on the plot
can smell the grease on the plot
the grease
this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and
finds itself in reduced circumstances
mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar
exploit the familiar
ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum ,
ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum
Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
with an inauspicious
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
mopes
through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
a dreary tract
dreary tract
of virtually plotless meanderings
virtually plotless
plotless
then ends with a whimper
ends with a whimper
a whimper
whimper
Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
Most of the problems with the film
of the problems with the film
the problems with the film
the problems
do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances
There 's no conversion effort ,
There 's no conversion effort
's no conversion effort
no conversion effort
The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
all its fusty squareness
its fusty squareness
fusty squareness
Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money
loses himself to the film 's circular structure
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings ,
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings
has a laundry list of minor shortcomings
a laundry list of minor shortcomings
of minor shortcomings
shortcomings
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem
if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
gory mayhem ''
It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
see this turd squashed
this turd squashed
turd squashed
turd
squashed
What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
such a minute idea
minute idea
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia
with imbecilic Mafia
imbecilic
toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater
toolbags
botching a routine assignment
botching
mean-spirited and wryly observant .
mean-spirited and wryly
mean-spirited and
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given
hard-driving narcissism is a given
narcissism
Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
Despite its promising cast of characters
, Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny .
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
loosely tied series
loosely tied
of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
really goes downhill .
goes downhill .
goes downhill
downhill
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining
supremely unfunny and unentertaining
unfunny and unentertaining
unfunny and
unentertaining
older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another
piss on trees , b.s. one another
b.s. one another
b.s.
The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
then biting into it and finding the filling missing
Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
-LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB-
the stills might make a nice coffee table book
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
the theater wondering why these people mattered
wondering why these people mattered
... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .
another example of how Sandler is losing his touch
of how Sandler is losing his touch
how Sandler is losing his touch
Sandler is losing his touch
is losing his touch
losing his touch
seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .
seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter
it makes one long for a geriatric Peter
a geriatric Peter
geriatric Peter
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
is almost entirely witless and inane ,
almost entirely witless and inane ,
entirely witless and inane ,
entirely witless and inane
entirely witless and
entirely witless
every gag two or three times
gag two or three times
beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
its limit to sustain a laugh
This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
is so bad ,
is so bad
so bad
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
seeing because it 's so bad
because it 's so bad
it 's so bad
's so bad
At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ;
At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting
At its worst
its worst
the pity is that it rarely achieves its best
the pity
is that it rarely achieves its best
that it rarely achieves its best
it rarely achieves its best
rarely achieves its best
is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around
Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
is stiff or just plain bad .
is stiff or just plain bad
stiff or just plain bad
stiff
just plain bad
plain bad
The last three narcissists
three narcissists
The movie is well done , but slow .
done , but slow
, but slow
decide if you need to see it
unreachable
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , ''
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company ,
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
'' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
the operative word for `` Bad Company
I do n't mean that in a good way
I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , '
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
schmaltzy
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive
doubt the filmmakers ' motives
The Guys still feels counterproductive
still feels counterproductive
feels counterproductive
The worst film of the year .
The worst film of the year
` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent .
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
The only thing scary about feardotcom
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
pass this stinker off as a scary movie
pass this stinker off
pass this stinker
this stinker
Throwing it all away
Throwing it
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
a Mexican soap opera
raunchy and
Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic
horrifying and oppressively tragic
oppressively
should not
Gangster No. 1 drips
blood
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care ,
I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care
World Traveler gave me no reason to care
gave me no reason to care
Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury
The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
are uncomfortably strained .
are uncomfortably strained
uncomfortably strained
to creep the living hell out of you
creep
the living hell
living hell
drags it back
drags it
A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films
is not as well-conceived as either of those films
A rather average action film
I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
blind , crippled , Amish people
crippled
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance
must have been lost in the mail
been lost in the mail
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
they could n't have done in half an hour
have done in half an hour
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ;
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism
is n't even a movie
it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
provoked to intolerable levels
to intolerable levels
intolerable levels
intolerable
a bit exploitative
exploitative
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor ,
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
to keep this from being a complete waste of time
keep this from being a complete waste of time
from being a complete waste of time
being a complete waste of time
a complete waste of time
a complete waste
complete waste
This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
This tale has been told and retold ;
This tale has been told and retold
been told and retold
told and retold
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening
Worthless ,
to the idiocy of its last frames
the idiocy of its last frames
the idiocy
idiocy
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance
the movie 's wildly careening tone
wildly careening tone
an extremely flat lead performance
extremely flat lead performance
extremely flat
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
flailing reputation
embarrassed
of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
, low-budget constraints
low-budget constraints
At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB-
times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated
a bit melodramatic and even a little dated
even a little dated
Ignorant
a bad way
bad way
It 's just merely very bad .
's just merely very bad .
's just merely very bad
merely very bad
feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
've completely lowered your entertainment standards
lowered your entertainment standards
distant
Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
guide a loose , poorly structured film
a loose , poorly structured film
loose , poorly structured film
loose , poorly structured
, poorly structured
poorly structured
through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
incoherence and redundancy
redundancy
to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
the horrors
of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
the killing field and
the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
barbarism
of ` ethnic cleansing
ethnic cleansing
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending
It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .
I certainly ca n't recommend it
certainly ca n't recommend it
ca n't recommend it
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting
's not that funny --
's not that funny
not that funny
is just generally insulting
generally insulting
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
the worst of tragedies
the worst
Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
a fleeting grasp
They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
are neither original
neither original
notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
kiddie fantasy pablum
fantasy pablum
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot ,
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot
Far-fetched premise ,
Far-fetched premise
Far-fetched
convoluted plot
thematic mumbo jumbo
mumbo jumbo
A muddle
any Scorsese
while the highly predictable narrative falls short
the highly predictable narrative falls short
the highly predictable narrative
highly predictable narrative
highly predictable
falls short
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie ,
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie
come up with an original idea for a teen movie
until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
rehashes to feed to the younger generations
Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
Nemesis
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences
a paunchy midsection ,
several plodding action sequences
plodding action sequences
a wickedly undramatic central theme
wickedly undramatic central theme
wickedly undramatic
undramatic
it 's also drab and inert
's also drab and inert
drab and inert
drab and
drab
could hardly
It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
in a way that verges on the amateurish
a way that verges on the amateurish
that verges on the amateurish
verges on the amateurish
on the amateurish
the amateurish
... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
, Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience
... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and ,
idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and
idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well
is not handled well
, there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
is little else to recommend `` Never Again .
is little else to recommend `` Never Again
is little else
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie ,
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie
is n't a great movie
It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie .
may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
But it would be better to wait for the video .
it would be better to wait for the video .
be better to wait for the video
to wait for the video
wait for the video
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but
There are some fairly unsettling scenes ,
There are some fairly unsettling scenes
are some fairly unsettling scenes
some fairly unsettling scenes
fairly unsettling scenes
they never succeed in really rattling the viewer
never succeed in really rattling the viewer
really rattling the viewer
steal
this movie , but what it needs
it needs
a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or
rigid
with all the grandiosity
`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into
loses its overall sense of mystery and
loses its overall sense of mystery
becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary
a TV episode rather than a documentary
sick and twisted
sick and
your standard Hollywood bio-pic
really as bad as you might think
as bad as you might think
as bad
acted ... but
admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
problematic
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
Brainless , but
Brainless ,
Brainless
the retro gang melodrama
that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
rough-trade homo-eroticism
, discontent , and yearning
saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .
saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to
Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
is beyond me .
What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
becomes simply a monster chase film
they missed the boat .
missed the boat .
missed the boat
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ;
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless
, Derrida is all but useless
Derrida is all but useless
is all but useless
Despite lagging near the finish line
lagging near the finish line
lagging
your seat for long stretches
Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
crazy , mixed-up films
mixed-up films
Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
that disconnects every 10 seconds
disconnects every 10 seconds
disconnects
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ...
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film
feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film
like a quickie TV special than a feature film
quickie TV special
It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
'd bother watching past the second commercial break
bother watching past the second commercial break
there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
... a bland , pretentious mess .
a bland , pretentious mess .
a bland
, pretentious mess .
pretentious mess .
pretentious mess
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
try hard but
try hard
come off too amateurish and awkward
too amateurish and awkward
too amateurish and
too amateurish
Goldbacher
do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , '
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama ,
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
of isolation and frustration
Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
, he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
a mere plot pawn
mere plot pawn
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
two directors with far less endearing disabilities
far less endearing disabilities
far less endearing
Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless ,
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless
authentically vague
ultimately purposeless
purposeless
Those prone to indignation need not apply ;
Those prone to indignation need not apply
indignation
need not apply
as rude and profane as ever ,
as rude and profane
rude and profane
rude and
profane
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
remain interested , or at least conscious
, I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ...
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very
my eyelids ... getting
It may not be particularly innovative ,
It may not be particularly innovative
may not be particularly innovative
uncompromising , difficult and
uncompromising , difficult
unbearably
on its empty head
its empty head
empty head
emotionally bruised characters
bruised
add up to more than body count
I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles ,
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles
Saddled
an unwieldy cast
unwieldy cast
I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper
stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper
stay with the stage versions , however ,
stay with the stage versions
Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
make fun of me for liking Showgirls
Much of what we see is horrible but
Much of what we see is horrible
is horrible
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
it was just a matter of ` eh . '
was just a matter of ` eh . '
was just a matter of ` eh
This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
looks and feels tired .
looks and feels tired
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music
A long , dull procession of despair ,
A long , dull procession of despair
long , dull procession
, dull procession
dull procession
funeral
Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
a dud --
a dud
dud
a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation
stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation
stretched to barely feature length ,
stretched to barely feature length
to barely feature length
barely feature length
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but
For most movies , 84 minutes is short ,
For most movies , 84 minutes is short
this one feels like a life sentence
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though ,
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw
most devastating flaw
most devastating
devastating
is its reliance on formula , though
is its reliance on formula
it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
there is precious little of either .
is precious little of either .
precious little of either
would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
sent back
to the tailor for some major alterations
the slow parade
was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at
filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at
with shootings , beatings , and more cussing
shootings , beatings
It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
a mindless action flick
mindless action flick
However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
, The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
never quite justifies its own existence .
is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
is n't complex enough to hold our interest
What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ;
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
is n't just
a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
a poor fit
poor fit
pessimism
it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
Skip this turd and
Skip this turd
this turd
pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
pick your nose instead
because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
intended the film to be more than that
Both deserve better .
deserve better .
deserve better
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing ,
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing
too many spots where it 's on slippery footing
where it 's on slippery footing
's on slippery footing
on slippery footing
slippery footing
Even kids deserve better .
obstacles
mounted , exasperatingly
exasperatingly
which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance --
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
achieves ultimate insignificance
ultimate insignificance
insignificance
the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
unfamiliar
may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .
find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering
bewildering
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily
Stiff and
schmaltzy and clumsily
clumsily
If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and
, flee .
flee
speaks more of the season than the picture
On its own , it 's not very interesting .
, it 's not very interesting .
it 's not very interesting .
's not very interesting .
's not very interesting
is n't breaking new ground
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is --
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour
the vulgar , sexist , racist humour
vulgar , sexist , racist humour
vulgar , sexist
, sexist
sexist
, racist humour
racist humour
racist
went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
went over my head or -- considering just
went over my head or
went over my head
how low brow it is
how low brow
from disappointing
it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
if each watered down the version of the one before
each watered down the version of the one before
watered down the version of the one before
watered down the version of the one
watered down
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
paper-thin and
decidedly unoriginal
unoriginal
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda
Its one-sidedness
one-sidedness
flirts with propaganda
Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
You 've seen it all before
've seen it all before
seen it all before
does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly
joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
joylessly extravagant pictures
joylessly
that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
to the next , hastily , emptily
the next , hastily , emptily
, hastily , emptily
Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
remains oddly detached
oddly detached
detached
Boring and meandering .
Boring and meandering
Boring and
No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
he runs around and acts like a doofus
runs around and acts like a doofus
acts like a doofus
doofus
, accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way
is creepy
Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs ,
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs ,
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
mugging their way through Snow Dogs
seems inconceivable
inconceivable
Why ?
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
sentimentality and annoying
It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject
leers ,
offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject
offering next to little insight
next to little insight
A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
A 75-minute sample of puerile
of puerile
puerile
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
rubbish
that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything
listless , witless , and devoid of anything
listless , witless , and
listless , witless ,
listless , witless
Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth
a grenade with his teeth
a grenade
, Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger
Die
's nowhere near as exciting as either .
's nowhere near as exciting as either
's nowhere near
-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow
-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and
-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy ,
-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy
The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy
-RRB- just too bratty for sympathy
just too bratty for sympathy
bratty for sympathy
bratty
, his little changes ring hollow
ring hollow
The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
appear foolish and shallow
foolish and shallow
foolish
mental illness
Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
now it is a copy of a copy of a copy
it is a copy of a copy of a copy
is a copy of a copy of a copy
a copy of a copy of a copy
a copy of a copy
Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and
is completely lacking in charm and charisma ,
is completely lacking in charm and charisma
lacking in charm and charisma
lacking
is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
audacity
Throw Smoochy from the train !
looking for something new
is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
too much of the energy
in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
is , overall , far too staid
far too staid
staid
Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth
Cold , Sterile And Lacking
, Sterile And Lacking
Sterile And
Sterile
Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
Mindless and boring
Mindless and
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
too little excitement and
too little excitement
little excitement
zero compelling storyline
zero
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege
A rip-off twice removed
A rip-off
after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege
earlier copycat Under Siege
copycat
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
terribly episodic and
terribly episodic
lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
The only upside to all of this unpleasantness
to all of this unpleasantness
all of this unpleasantness
of this unpleasantness
this unpleasantness
given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits
, FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits
a minimal number
What the movie lacks in action
the movie lacks in action
lacks in action
drama ,
The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .
The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
genre a bad name .
genre a bad name
a bad name
bad name
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch
no charm , no laughs , no fun ,
no charm , no laughs , no fun
no charm , no laughs ,
no charm , no laughs
no charm ,
no charm
no laughs
no fun
no reason to watch
sulky teen drama and
sulky teen drama
sulky
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise
a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise
a choppy , surface-effect feeling
choppy , surface-effect feeling
choppy
Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting
Predictable storyline and
Predictable storyline
washed away
hash
was a dark and stormy night
Drowning 's too good for this sucker .
this sucker
sucker
deep deceptions
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
so distant
you might as well be watching it through a telescope
might as well be watching it through a telescope
For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
a phlegmatic bore ,
a phlegmatic bore
phlegmatic bore
phlegmatic
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
copycat interpretations
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
about its ideas and
its characterization of Hitler and
Hitler
RINGU
hateful
impudent
a Scrooge or two
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
Needs more impressionistic
quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
quick-cut edits
detract from the athleticism
unsubtle
since The Evil Dead
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
collapses into an inhalant blackout
collapses
into an inhalant blackout
an inhalant blackout
maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
maintaining consciousness just long enough
callow pretension
callow
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
Taylor 's cartoonish performance and
Taylor 's cartoonish performance
cartoonish performance
the film 's ill-considered notion
ill-considered notion
ill-considered
that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
Hitler 's destiny
Hitler 's
by the most random of chances
a huge sacrifice of character and mood
huge sacrifice
are equally strange
... a pretentious mess ...
a pretentious mess ...
mess ...
The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones
are nowhere near
is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise
is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise
A thriller without a lot of thrills .
A thriller without a lot of thrills
in the travails of creating a screenplay
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters
feels free to offend
to offend
offend
to the illogic of its characters
the illogic of its characters
illogic
is about grief
Enigma lacks it .
lacks it .
lacks it
, Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
, trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and
trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags
too many nervous gags
nervous gags
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
incompetent , incoherent or
incompetent ,
just plain crap
plain crap
The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
is hereby given fair warning .
given fair warning
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball
exciting to watch as two last-place basketball
last-place basketball
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
the wrong things
wrong things
may really need the company of others
Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte
urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte
is clearly not Zhang 's forte
not Zhang 's forte
, his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
forcing
A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
A beyond-lame satire ,
A beyond-lame satire
beyond-lame satire
beyond-lame
Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
among the most pitiful directing
the most pitiful directing
most pitiful directing
most pitiful
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style
in a flashy , empty sub-music video style
flashy , empty sub-music video style
, empty sub-music video style
empty sub-music video style
by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
a director so self-possessed
so self-possessed
dreary indulgence .
indulgence
A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
As literary desecrations go
literary desecrations
I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production
worse stunt editing or
worse stunt editing
, sad dance
Though it never rises to its full potential as a film
never rises to its full potential as a film
the timeless danger of emotions repressed
predicament
the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
fails to justify the build-up .
fails to justify the build-up
Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
is : ` Scooby ' do n't
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
beginning with the pale script
with the pale script
the pale script
pale script
pale
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old
less charming than listening to a four-year-old
with a taste for exaggeration
to the Haunted House
Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
did the screenwriters just
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history
a cut-and-paste
of every bad action-movie line in history
every bad action-movie line in history
every bad action-movie line
bad action-movie line
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
So muddled , repetitive and ragged
muddled , repetitive and ragged
, repetitive and ragged
repetitive and ragged
repetitive and
repetitive
it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
the horrifying historical reality
The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting
The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and
The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB-
is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB-
is very slow
very slow
too becomes off-putting
becomes off-putting
It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
88-minute highlight reel
that 's 86 minutes too long
's 86 minutes too long
86 minutes too long
Laughably , irredeemably awful .
, irredeemably awful .
irredeemably awful .
irredeemably awful
yarn-spinner
Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .
is , alas , no Woody Allen .
The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
a particularly amateurish episode
particularly amateurish episode
particularly amateurish
I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
he 's just adjusting
A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
A loud , witless mess that
A loud , witless mess
loud , witless mess
, witless mess
witless mess
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series
none of the charm and little
An empty , purposeless exercise .
An empty , purposeless
empty , purposeless
, purposeless
Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
Offers big , fat , dumb
big , fat , dumb
, fat , dumb
fat , dumb
, dumb
that may make you hate yourself for giving in
hate yourself for giving in
hate yourself
average Bond
Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
Deadly dull
, pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
pointless meditation
on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
shoot themselves
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
cop flick cliches
flick cliches
like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
the humans are acting like puppets
are acting like puppets
acting like puppets
his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive
that this film does but feels less repetitive
gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims
Dahmer
murderer
his victims
victims
anguish
the confusing sexual messages
confusing sexual messages
Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
contrived , overblown and tie-in ready
contrived , overblown and tie-in
, overblown and tie-in
overblown and tie-in
overblown and
overblown
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
goes bump in the night and nobody cares
bump in the night and nobody cares
bump in the night and nobody
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
Slack and
uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
, and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
by characters so unsympathetic
characters so unsympathetic
so unsympathetic
you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
're left with a sour taste in your mouth
left with a sour taste in your mouth
a sour taste in your mouth
a sour taste
sour taste
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes --
gay personal ads
The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot
to cram too many ingredients into one small pot
cram too many ingredients into one small pot
cram too many ingredients
they need it to sell us on this twisted love story
can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
darker turns
Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
timid parsing
gaps in their relationships
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
waiting for Frida to just die already
to just die already
just die already
Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
frantic
, but also soon forgotten
soon forgotten
slow .
To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman
is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
is off-putting ,
is off-putting
to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
inappropriate and wildly undeserved
Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
is left slightly unfulfilled .
is left slightly unfulfilled
left slightly unfulfilled
slightly unfulfilled
unfulfilled
is n't .
An odd drama
odd drama
lingerie models and bar dancers
Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and
the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category ,
too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category
direct-to-video\/DVD category
direct-to-video\/DVD
is why I have given it a one-star rating .
is why I have given it a one-star rating
why I have given it a one-star rating
I have given it a one-star rating
have given it a one-star rating
given it a one-star rating
a one-star rating
one-star rating
one-star
feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies
feels like just one more in the long line of films
A wordy wisp of a comedy
wordy
A punch line without a premise , a joke
built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
musty memories of half-dimensional characters
of half-dimensional characters
half-dimensional characters
cynicism
siren
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
sketchy
neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before ,
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made
Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made
meandering teen flick
, there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
the German occupation
melancholic
hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ...
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence
of bad animation and mindless violence
bad animation and mindless violence
bad animation and
bad animation
lacking the slightest bit
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books
that if the filmmakers just follow the books
the filmmakers just follow the books
go wrong
, it 's pretty but dumb .
's pretty but dumb .
's pretty but dumb
pretty but dumb
-LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel ...
-LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel
-LRB- A -RRB- soulless ,
-LRB- A -RRB- soulless
A -RRB- soulless
-RRB- soulless
stupid sequel
intense , claustrophobic
, claustrophobic
obsessive
It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
sticks rigidly to the paradigm ,
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
contrived , well-worn situations
well-worn situations
They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
crush each other
throw each other out windows
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness
electrocute and dismember
dismember
He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither
succeeds in making neither
Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided
as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided
the lousy Tarantino imitations
lousy Tarantino imitations
imitations
, here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
imitation
Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
would know what to make of this Italian freakshow
know what to make of this Italian freakshow
what to make of this Italian freakshow
to make of this Italian freakshow
this Italian freakshow
Italian freakshow
freakshow
-LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB-
she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself
a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself
Amy 's neuroses
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
Fails as a dystopian movie ,
as a dystopian movie
as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and
a rip-off of The Matrix
just plain
scare
was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
torturing each other psychologically and
torturing each other psychologically
torturing
hardhearted Scrooge
could fail to respond
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside ,
never quite ignites .
the sickly sweet gender normative narrative
sickly sweet
sickly
left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth
left an acrid test
an acrid test
acrid
American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
rambling examination
uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion
of crucifixion
crucifixion
, this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
the outdated swagger
outdated swagger
outdated
of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
shameless
blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
, it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
a cruel deception
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
carried out by men of marginal intelligence ,
by men of marginal intelligence
men of marginal intelligence
marginal intelligence
reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
reactionary ideas about women
a total lack of empathy
a total lack
of empathy
if considerably less ambitious ,
if considerably less ambitious
considerably less ambitious
less ambitious
bites hard .
If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints :
If the film has a problem
the film has a problem
, its shortness disappoints
its shortness disappoints
disappoints
the layers of soap-opera emotion
soap-opera emotion
soap-opera
scathing
strangling the life out
know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
about the mechanisms of poverty
of poverty
poverty
the rather simplistic filmmaking
rather simplistic
Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness
of the potential for sanctimoniousness
Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
hide new secretions from the parental units
hide new secretions
, he staggers in terms of story .
staggers in terms of story .
staggers in terms of story
staggers
daft by half ...
daft
jumps around with little logic or continuity ,
jumps around with little logic or continuity
jumps around
with little logic or continuity
about interfaith understanding
stretched out to 90 minutes
viscerally repellent
Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
Too slow for a younger crowd
slow for a younger crowd
too shallow for an older one .
too shallow for an older one
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films
does n't bode well for the rest of it
the shrill side ,
But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity
Dummies conformity
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted ,
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted
mind-numbingly stilted
mind-numbingly
its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow
from developing any storytelling flow
any storytelling flow
A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
pale Xerox of other , better crime movies
other , better crime movies
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed
I must have failed
must have failed
have failed
Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
Sodden and glum
Sodden
glum
even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light
it 's supposed to feel funny and light
supposed to feel funny and light
to hate
disturbingly
dysfunctional drama
I Killed My Father
Killed My Father
of male-ridden angst
devoted to the insanity of Black
the insanity
Grainy photography
mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors
errors
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
the worst sin
worst sin
sin
: it 's not scary in the slightest .
it 's not scary in the slightest .
it 's not scary in the slightest
's not scary in the slightest
One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids ,
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids
inhabit that special annex of hell
that special annex of hell
of hell
adults behave like kids
behave like kids
children behave like adults and everyone
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation
A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
A sloppy slapstick
sloppy slapstick
throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare
bottom-of-the-bill fare
bottom-of-the-bill
The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
is a tired one ,
is a tired one
a tired one
tired one
with few moments of joy rising above the stale material
the stale material
stale material
realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and
the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB-
the shameless self-caricature
shameless self-caricature
self-caricature
promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
Infidelity
The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
needed more emphasis
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
into a future they wo n't much care about
a future they wo n't much care about
they wo n't much care about
wo n't much care about
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes
uneasy bonds
unsentimental
Criminal
that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
an apartheid drama
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
this might have been an eerie thriller
, it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
too loud , too goofy and too short
too loud , too goofy and
too loud , too goofy
too loud ,
Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .
Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB-
deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB-
First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
is never able to pull it back on course .
pull it back
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator --
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator
have made for better drama
assesses
, albeit half-baked ,
an abused , inner-city autistic
abused
, inner-city autistic
autistic
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
, something is rotten in the state of California
something is rotten in the state of California
is rotten in the state of California
rotten in the state of California
rotten
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
to be a bit of a cheat in the end
be a bit of a cheat in the end
a bit of a cheat in the end
a cheat in the end
cheat
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes ,
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars
do n't deserve any Oscars
A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
survive a screening with little harm done
harm
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
for the last 15 minutes
are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential
of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential
their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential
A moving picture that does not move .
picture that does not move .
picture that does not move
that does not move
Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
confusing on one level or another ,
confusing on one level or another
making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
far more demanding than it needs to be
demanding than it needs to be
struggles
the preaching message
preaching message
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending
the credits roll across the pat ending
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot
spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot
spends a bit too much time
too much time
on its fairly ludicrous plot
fairly ludicrous plot
fairly ludicrous
Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .
, despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
, just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
its title notwithstanding
, should have been a lot nastier
Could have been crisper and punchier , but
Could have been crisper and punchier ,
Could have been crisper and punchier
Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
may be disappointed .
The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children
is hugely overwritten ,
is hugely overwritten
hugely overwritten
overwritten
Enough said , except : Film overboard !
said , except : Film overboard !
except : Film overboard
hypermasculine
into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
pulpy concept
pulpy
be completely forgettable
completely forgettable
For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
, we never really get inside of them .
we never really get inside of them .
Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
plight and isolation
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
With a completely predictable plot
completely predictable plot
completely predictable
, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
seen it all before ,
you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
Life on the rez is no picnic :
is no picnic
no picnic
fall together without much surprise
Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups
at the least demanding of demographic groups
the least demanding
Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably
wo n't see the next six
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
insult the intelligence of everyone
insult
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works
Not everything
Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
than a stifling morality tale
stifling morality tale
A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
freaking out
does not make for much of a movie .
does not make for much of a movie
The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
does n't add anything fresh to the myth
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
narcissism and self-congratulation
narcissism and
shave ice without the topping
, this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
is as innocuous as it is flavorless
as it is flavorless
it is flavorless
is flavorless
flavorless
Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
of Nazi politics and aesthetics
Nazi politics and aesthetics
Nazi
a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence
slobbering
blues
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off
a weak and ineffective ghost story
weak and ineffective ghost story
weak and ineffective
ineffective
without a conclusion or pay off
will probably make you angry
make you angry
you angry
angry
Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
thriller as lazy as it is interminable
thriller as lazy
as lazy
as it is interminable
it is interminable
is interminable
is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
seen that had no obvious directing involved
that had no obvious directing involved
had no obvious directing involved
had no obvious directing
no obvious directing
obvious directing
treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
treads predictably along familiar territory ,
treads predictably along familiar territory
treads predictably
that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
slightly pokey
pokey
flawed but
secondary
moving along
have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
seem deceptively slight
grumble
It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .
It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB-
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
did n't mean much to me and
did n't mean much to me
too skewed to ever get a hold on
skewed to ever get a hold on
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters
lacking any sense of commitment to or
lacking any sense of commitment to
lacking any sense of commitment
, the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs
on toilet humor , ethnic slurs
toilet humor , ethnic slurs
toilet humor ,
toilet humor
slurs
shadowy
What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
statements and dime-store ruminations
dime-store ruminations
becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
becomes a sermon for most of its running time
a sermon for most of its running time
Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting
with actorish notations on the margin of acting
it 's pretty far from a treasure
's pretty far from a treasure
pretty far from a treasure
far from a treasure
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
obnoxious comedy
about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
is a deeply unpleasant experience .
is a deeply unpleasant experience
a deeply unpleasant experience
deeply unpleasant experience
deeply unpleasant
Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
've been trying to forget
been trying to forget
trying to forget
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
May puzzle his most ardent fans .
puzzle his most ardent fans .
puzzle his most ardent fans
worry
being bored
bored
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass
this obscenely bad dark comedy ,
this obscenely bad dark comedy
obscenely bad dark comedy
obscenely bad
obscenely
so crass
that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ;
The Tuxedo was n't just bad
was n't just bad
just bad
it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
Hungry-Man portions of bad '
Hungry-Man portions of bad
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ;
, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
is n't nearly as funny
neither is it as smart
nasty
little objectivity
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing
the result is disappointing
is disappointing
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect
cutting and blurry
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances
dopey dialogue and
dopey dialogue
dopey
sometimes inadequate performances
sometimes inadequate
inadequate
kill the effect
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely ,
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny ,
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny
unlikable , uninteresting ,
unlikable , uninteresting
unlikable ,
of a self-destructive man
about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
The crassness of this reactionary thriller
The crassness
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
the ridiculousness of its premise
the ridiculousness
ridiculousness
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either ,
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but
None of this is meaningful or memorable ,
None of this is meaningful or memorable
turn down a big bowl of that
turn down
In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
In its chicken heart
its chicken heart
, Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises
goes to absurd lengths
to absurd lengths
absurd lengths
absurd
to duck the very issues it raises
duck the very issues it raises
I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business ,
'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business
surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
self-mutilating sideshow geeks
self-mutilating
sideshow
its charm quickly fades
quickly fades
fades
The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness
is doomed by its smallness
doomed by its smallness
doomed
by its smallness
smallness
There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever
's nothing interesting in Unfaithful
nothing interesting in Unfaithful
There 's already been too many of these films ...
's already been too many of these films ...
been too many of these films
Almost peerlessly unsettling .
do as best you can with a stuttering script .
do as best you can with a stuttering script
as best you can with a stuttering script
best you can with a stuttering script
you can with a stuttering script
can with a stuttering script
with a stuttering script
a stuttering script
... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
stitched together from stock situations and characters
stock situations and characters
remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again
says he has to ?
It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
believe that people have lost the ability to think and
believe that people have lost the ability to think
people have lost the ability to think
have lost the ability to think
lost the ability to think
will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
any shoddy product
shoddy product
shoddy
Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
Potty-mouthed enough
Potty-mouthed
, yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
raunchy as South Park
as South Park
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
this strangely schizo cartoon
strangely schizo cartoon
schizo cartoon
schizo
seems suited neither to kids or adults .
seems suited neither to kids or adults
suited neither to kids or adults
suited neither
A poorly scripted , preachy fable
poorly scripted , preachy fable
poorly scripted ,
poorly scripted
scripted
preachy fable
that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda
forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda
forgets
its zeal to spread propaganda
zeal to spread propaganda
to spread propaganda
spread propaganda
in a world of meaningless activity
a world of meaningless activity
meaningless
If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off
put you off
could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
been a confusing and horrifying vision
confusing and horrifying vision
confusing and horrifying
There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings
There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes ,
that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
Kang tacks on three or four more endings
tacks on three or four more endings
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ...
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
a rambling and incoherent manifesto
rambling and incoherent manifesto
rambling and incoherent
the vagueness of topical excess
the vagueness
In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor
ponderous and pretentious endeavor
and pretentious endeavor
pretentious endeavor
that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
's unfocused and tediously exasperating
unfocused and tediously exasperating
unfocused and
tediously exasperating
exasperating
Amazingly dopey
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
be impressed by this tired retread
by this tired retread
this tired retread
tired retread
A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic .
but dull and ankle-deep ` epic
but dull and ankle-deep
dull and ankle-deep
dull and
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
irreparably drags the film down .
irreparably
drags the film down .
drags the film down
drags the film
, no-frills ride
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
how this gets us in trouble
this gets us in trouble
there are lulls
notice the 129-minute running time
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little
The pacing is deadly
is deadly
the narration helps little
helps little
is negated
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
sinister
menacing atmosphere
menacing
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
red lights , a rattling noise
a bump on the head
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw
that should be punishable by chainsaw
should be punishable by chainsaw
be punishable by chainsaw
punishable by chainsaw
respond by hitting on each other .
hitting on each other
a sadistic bike flick
sadistic bike flick
sadistic
of outrageous force and craven concealment
, from the incongruous but chemically
from the incongruous but chemically
incongruous
and a terrible story
a terrible story
terrible story
is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks
remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks
terrorist attacks
terrorist
For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
, sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
sitting through Dahmer 's two hours
through Dahmer 's two hours
amounts to little more than punishment .
amounts to little more than punishment
to little more than punishment
little more than punishment
More tiring than anything .
More tiring than anything
tiring than anything
tiring
you 're not
often boring .
often boring
a silly comedy
be forgettable
were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
he 's done
is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
a shrill , didactic cartoon
delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story
amid the bland animation and simplistic story
the bland animation and simplistic story
the bland animation and
the bland animation
bland animation
When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
wallowing in its characters ' frustrations
in its characters ' frustrations
frustrations
, the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems
contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions
contriving
false , sitcom-worthy solutions
sitcom-worthy solutions
at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
sometimes murky , always brooding look
sometimes murky
always brooding
brooding
Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
happens that tells you there is no sense .
happens that tells you there is no sense
you there is no sense
there is no sense
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle
An impenetrable and insufferable ball
impenetrable and insufferable ball
and insufferable ball
insufferable ball
pseudo-philosophic twaddle
pseudo-philosophic
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
that movie nothing
movie nothing
more than a tepid exercise in
more than a tepid
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
worked five years ago
did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot
enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot
though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
lightweight , uneven action comedy
, uneven action comedy
uneven action comedy
When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
feel sorry
, it already has one strike against it .
it already has one strike against it .
has one strike against it
one strike against it
one strike
The movie 's gloomy atmosphere
gloomy atmosphere
is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .
even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
does n't stand a ghost of a chance
stand a ghost of a chance
a ghost of a chance
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes
emotionally devastating
spare dialogue
Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
author 's
may fall fast asleep .
may fall fast asleep
fall fast asleep
The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
to include anything even halfway scary
as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
punches
to infamy
infamy
Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers ,
, we need agile performers
need agile performers
the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league
the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and
the proficient , dull Sorvino
proficient , dull Sorvino
proficient , dull
Rodan is out of his league
is out of his league
sights
The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
is also as unoriginal
as unoriginal
as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
recycled more times than I 'd care to count
recycled more times
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel
irrational , long-suffering but cruel
irrational
, long-suffering but cruel
as a tarantula , Helga
eventually cloying POW drama .
gently tedious in its comedy
Gaunt
a tragic dimension and
a tragic dimension
aging Sandeman
plain silly .
plain silly
When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
wallowing in hormonal melodrama
hormonal melodrama
psychopathic
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
This flat run
flat run
is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded ,
silly Hollywood action film
one among a multitude of simple-minded
a multitude of simple-minded
of simple-minded
simple-minded
yahoo-ing death shows
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions --
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions
a fudged opportunity
fudged opportunity
a lunar mission with no signs of life
with no signs of life
no signs of life
The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels
's fairly lame ,
's fairly lame
fairly lame
making it par for the course for Disney sequels
A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
lacking a depth
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
a bad improvisation exercise ,
a bad improvisation exercise
bad improvisation exercise
the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
the superficially written characters ramble
superficially written characters ramble
superficially written
characters ramble
ramble
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
they 're struggling to create .
're struggling to create .
struggling to create
taboo subject matter
slowed down by a stroke
More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
More busy than exciting
, more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining
frantic than involving ,
more chaotic than entertaining
chaotic
Precocious
wayward
struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
oppressive
, right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
a shame
You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life
with this silly little puddle of a movie
this silly little puddle of a movie
I did n't smile .
did n't smile .
did n't smile
While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
object to the idea of a Vietnam picture
with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel
run-of-the-mill Disney sequel
intended for the home video market
the home video market
Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting
But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
does n't beat that one , either .
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
miss it altogether
miss it
in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
the consciously dumbed-down approach
consciously dumbed-down approach
dumbed-down approach
wears thin
anguished performance
anguished
This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them
a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them
a mediocre tribute to films like Them
No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
, I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or
know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
, nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
when none of them are ever any good
none of them are ever any good
In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic
painfully redundant and inauthentic
redundant and inauthentic
redundant and
inauthentic
You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff
believe anyone would really buy this stuff
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short
on shame
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and
It 's plotless , shapeless --
It 's plotless , shapeless
's plotless , shapeless
plotless , shapeless
plotless ,
yet , it must be admitted
entirely humorless
humorless
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious ,
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious
drags , underscoring the obvious
Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
, it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
's really unclear why this project was undertaken
's really unclear
really unclear
unclear
why this project was undertaken
this project was undertaken
I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
a rerun
rerun
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great
the barriers finally prove to be too great
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
the bland songs
bland songs
is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable
completely serviceable and quickly forgettable
quickly forgettable
bluff
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
a grim future
grim future
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
acting to compensate for the movie 's failings
to compensate for the movie 's failings
compensate for the movie 's failings
for the movie 's failings
the movie 's failings
failings
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness
rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness
the curse of blandness
curse
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously ,
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
volatile
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
Murphy and Owen Wilson
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
is so often nearly nothing
that their charm does n't do a load of good
their charm does n't do a load of good
does n't do a load of good
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
stop buying tickets to these movies
stop buying tickets
The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
wastes an exceptionally good idea .
wastes an exceptionally good idea
wastes
Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
are often more predictable than their consequences
more predictable than their consequences
predictable than their consequences
A different and emotionally reserved type
a film less
refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man
refracting
Sure , I hated myself in the morning .
, I hated myself in the morning .
I hated myself in the morning .
hated myself in the morning .
hated myself in the morning
hated myself
hated
Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
terribly obvious
melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
and rough-hewn vanity project
rough-hewn vanity project
vanity project
As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
the movie tries to make sense of its title character
, there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
huge gap
gap
the film 's creepy
clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
clean-cut Dahmer
acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
Terrible .
Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
derivative and hammily acted .
derivative and hammily
The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut
is unconvincing
unconvincing
soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut
steals
Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?
confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
confines himself to shtick and sentimentality --
confines himself to shtick and sentimentality
shtick and sentimentality
the one bald and the other sloppy
the other sloppy
other sloppy
a very old-school kind
Hollywood horror
The usual movie rah-rah
felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
banal bore
banal
the preachy
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film ,
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
disingenuous to call Reno a great film
By-the-numbers yarn .
avoids the obvious
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment
Cruel and
inhuman cinematic punishment
inhuman
cinematic punishment
... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
The only fun part of the movie
playing the obvious game
yet also decidedly uncinematic
also decidedly uncinematic
decidedly uncinematic
uncinematic
Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
-LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
or worth rooting against , for that matter
rooting against ,
Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye
even though the reality is anything but
soft-porn
If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
, you 're far better served by the source material .
you 're far better served by the source material .
're far better served by the source material
Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
proves you wrong on both counts
you wrong on both counts
wrong on both counts
one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian
told by countless filmmakers
other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages
struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages
conflicting
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and
uncomfortable class resentment
class resentment
resentment
his self-inflicted retaliation
self-inflicted retaliation
silly horror movies
store for unwary viewers
unwary viewers
unwary
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and
is far from Zhang 's forte
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
misfire that even Tunney ca n't save
misfire
that even Tunney ca n't save
has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
of intoxicating atmosphere and little else
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
familiar situations and repetitive scenes
Never inspires more than an interested detachment .
comically dismal social realism
dismal
farcically bawdy
farcically
bawdy
Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen
is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation
A grating , emaciated flick .
A grating , emaciated flick
A grating ,
A grating
grating
emaciated flick
emaciated
Dense
ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
too complex to be rapidly absorbed
It ai n't art , by a long shot ,
It ai n't art , by a long shot
ai n't art , by a long shot
ai n't art ,
ai n't art
a long shot
last year 's lame Musketeer
lame Musketeer
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers
deviant behaviour
deviant
The Master of Disguise is awful .
is awful .
is awful
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself
the end result does no justice to the story itself
does no justice to the story itself
does no justice
no justice
of this sad , compulsive life
this sad , compulsive life
, compulsive life
deeply pessimistic
Troubling and
Troubling
Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
McGrath
takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading
Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
all the halfhearted zeal
halfhearted
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal
infuriating about Full Frontal
infuriating
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
that it 's too close to real life to make sense
it 's too close to real life to make sense
's too close to real life to make sense
Piccoli
-LRB- Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
infidelity and
that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
a kitchen sink
a story already overladen with plot conceits
already overladen with plot conceits
overladen with plot conceits
overladen
plot conceits
stooping to gooeyness
gooeyness
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears
me want to pack raw dough in my ears
want to pack raw dough in my ears
to pack raw dough in my ears
pack raw dough in my ears
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest
's a bad action movie
bad action movie
because there 's no rooting interest
there 's no rooting interest
's no rooting interest
no rooting interest
is grotesque and boring
grotesque and boring
grotesque and
grotesque
A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
A very slow , uneventful
very slow , uneventful
slow , uneventful
, uneventful
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel
pretty tattered
tattered
Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
a too-conscientious adaptation
too-conscientious adaptation
too-conscientious
... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
Like life on the island
, the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
grows boring despite the scenery .
grows boring despite the scenery
boring despite the scenery
near-miss .
Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
retro-refitting exercise
campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
to endure instead of enjoy
endure instead of enjoy
endure instead of
David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
mess .
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
, I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them
would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
left in the broiling sun for a good three days
in the broiling sun for a good three days
the broiling sun for a good three days
the broiling sun
standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
cliche with little new added .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting .
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
all too familiar
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
is n't particularly assaultive
assaultive
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
gunfight
A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness
tastelessness
But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
's also disappointing to a certain degree .
's also disappointing to a certain degree
disappointing to a certain degree
This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
these brats will ever be anything more than losers
will ever be anything more than losers
than losers
arcane area
it is n't entirely persuasive
is n't entirely persuasive
Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ?
One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid
in tight pants and big tits
you turn stupid
turn stupid
precarious
-LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course
The movie is a little tired ;
The movie is a little tired
is a little tired
maybe the original inspiration has run its course
has run its course
run its course
Crane 's decline
imagine having more fun watching a documentary
more fun watching a documentary
But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
minor work
denying
hopeless
to do with imagination than market research
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers ,
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers
is definitely horse feathers
horse feathers
it lacks the detail of the book
lacks the detail of the book
a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
the pesky moods of jealousy
the pesky moods
pesky
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
work as shallow entertainment ,
as shallow entertainment
not remotely incisive enough
untidily
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
No big whoop , nothing new to see ,
No big whoop , nothing new to see
No big whoop ,
No big whoop
nothing new to see
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending
thrills , too many flashbacks and
thrills , too many flashbacks
too many flashbacks
a choppy ending
choppy ending
make for a bad film
for a bad film
a bad film
bad film
if it were an extended short
chilling tale
of the great crimes
the murder
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory
nasty aftertaste but
nasty aftertaste
aftertaste
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle ,
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle
's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic
a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic
gross-out quota
instead of shaping the material to fit the story
-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material
-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ...
Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
-RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
stuttering editing and pompous references
editing and pompous references
pompous references
pompous
The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder
turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder
a listless climb down the social ladder
a listless climb
The limited sets and
limited sets
small confined and dark spaces
confined and dark spaces
confined and
low-budget film noir movie
Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
not so
been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
as assembled , Frankenstein-like
of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
, the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
stands for Milder Is n't Better .
stands for Milder Is n't Better
Milder Is n't Better
Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
, this quirky soccer import is forgettable
this quirky soccer import is forgettable
is forgettable
The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
The weird thing
about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie ,
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
nothing in it to engage children emotionally
starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder
starts out bizarre and just
starts out bizarre
getting weirder
Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
disappoint
Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic
If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
Showtime deserves the hook .
deserves the hook
should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and
offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex ,
AIDS
skims over the realities of gay sex
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
yet another tired old vision
another tired old vision
tired old vision
tired old
of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
uptight , middle class bores like Antonia
uptight , middle
uptight
class bores
bores
The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
a dirty old man
dirty old man
` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
sacrifices its promise
The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
wait for your pay per view dollar
Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
disbelief
The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
The fetid underbelly of fame
fetid underbelly
has never looked uglier .
has never looked uglier
looked uglier
uglier
us to forget most of the film 's problems
of the film 's problems
the film 's problems
A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so
goes for sick and demented humor simply
for sick and demented humor simply
for sick and demented humor
sick and demented humor
sick and demented
demented
to the World Trade Center tragedy
World Trade Center tragedy
Trade Center tragedy
Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
is painfully formulaic and stilted .
is painfully formulaic and stilted
painfully formulaic and stilted
formulaic and stilted
so many bad romances out there
bad romances
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
this insipid , brutally clueless film
insipid , brutally clueless film
insipid , brutally clueless
insipid
, brutally clueless
brutally clueless
might be with a large dose of painkillers
be with a large dose of painkillers
with a large dose of painkillers
a large dose of painkillers
first and
Despite its floating narrative
, an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
most anti-human
The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
spent watching this waste of time .
spent watching this waste of time
watching this waste of time
this waste of time
this waste
A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa
A preposterously melodramatic paean
preposterously melodramatic paean
preposterously
Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
, the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity
feeling like a great missed opportunity
like a great missed opportunity
a great missed opportunity
great missed opportunity
missed opportunity
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
the insinuation of mediocre acting or
the insinuation of mediocre acting
of mediocre acting
mediocre acting
fairly trite
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie .
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender --
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
all-night
jackass
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
's kind of insulting , both to men and women
of insulting , both to men and women
respectable but uninspired thriller
ultimately weak
One of the worst movies of the year .
One of the worst movies of the year
of the worst movies of the year
the worst movies of the year
the worst movies
worst movies
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
ignore the film
Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
soulless techno-tripe .
soulless techno-tripe
techno-tripe
often unsettling
the conflicted complexity
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
formulaic equations
in the long-winded heist comedy
long-winded
Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle ,
no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle
It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good
just that it 's so not-at-all-good
that it 's so not-at-all-good
it 's so not-at-all-good
's so not-at-all-good
so not-at-all-good
not-at-all-good
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
off-beat
We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe ,
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ,
against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
farce ,
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
elbowed aside by one-liners
elbowed aside
a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
for no apparent reason except
no apparent reason except
Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
Stuffy , full of itself ,
Stuffy , full of itself
Stuffy ,
Stuffy
full of itself
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about
The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
is so bleak
so bleak
that it 's hardly watchable
it 's hardly watchable
's hardly watchable
hardly watchable
is sadly
If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
did n't have an original bone in his body
have an original bone in his body
A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
Rumor
should dispel it
Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle .
overlong documentary
Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
stodgy
, soap opera-ish dialogue
soap opera-ish dialogue
opera-ish dialogue
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
reading lines from a TelePrompTer
reading lines
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic .
the ` ick ' in ` classic
the ` ick '
` ick '
ick '
ick
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
than this hastily dubbed disaster
hastily dubbed
overwrought ending
Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
the only thing Avary seems to care about
are mean giggles and pulchritude .
The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
mildly unimpressive
unimpressive
to despairingly awful
despairingly awful
, but with restraint
the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in
is like reading a research paper ,
is like reading a research paper
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
grows on you -- like a rash .
grows on you -- like a rash
like a rash
rash
do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types
The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
contrived , nonsensical and formulaic
, nonsensical and formulaic
nonsensical and formulaic
nonsensical and
nonsensical
that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
the day-old shelf
minor film
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
a side dish of asparagus
telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast
it gets very ugly , very fast
gets very ugly , very fast
very ugly , very fast
very ugly ,
very ugly
If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess -
If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
, the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
easy to guess
the movie any less entertaining
but undernourished and plodding .
undernourished and plodding
undernourished and
undernourished
loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess
loses faith in its own viability and
loses faith in its own viability
loses faith
succumbs to joyless special-effects excess
to joyless special-effects excess
joyless special-effects excess
bogs down in genre cliches here .
bogs down in genre cliches here
bogs down in genre cliches
bogs
in genre cliches
genre cliches
But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro
wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro
as glum as Mr. De Niro
glum as Mr. De Niro
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
its nauseating spinning credits sequence
nauseating
very talented but underutilized
Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
squanders as much as it gives out .
squanders as much as it gives out
-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters
he refuses to give us real situations and characters
Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
Rashomon-for-dipsticks
one of them
is flat
that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
blemishes
of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity
chafing
loneliness and desperate grandiosity
, Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
elaborate and twisted characters
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems
, it has some problems
it has some problems
has some problems
some problems
Nothing too deep or substantial .
too deep or substantial .
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel
ransacks its archives
ransacks
for a quick-buck sequel
a quick-buck sequel
quick-buck sequel
quick-buck
Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
Without a fresh infusion of creativity
4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
attempts to mine laughs
from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches
cutesy reliance
is n't exactly endearing
with lots of somber blues and pinks
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ...
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want
is n't as sharp or as fresh
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
, Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
sneering
uncertain
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company ,
might be intolerable company
be intolerable company
intolerable company
Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
, ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it
is banal in its message and the choice of material
banal in its message and the choice of material
Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism ,
pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
terrorism
it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
warmed-over Cold War paranoia
paranoia
A sentimental mess that never rings true .
A sentimental mess that never rings true
A sentimental mess that never
A sentimental mess
sentimental mess
that never
Some episodes work , some do n't .
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
has fallen
fallen
Pompous and garbled .
Pompous and garbled
Pompous and
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
A depressingly retrograde
depressingly retrograde
` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
astonishingly condescending attitude
astonishingly condescending
condescending
Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
a fault
, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken
's often overwritten ,
's often overwritten
often overwritten
not taken
too-spectacular
setting distracts
distracts
aimless story
aimless
But it was n't .
But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity
noise , mayhem and stupidity
, mayhem and stupidity
mayhem and stupidity
falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers
contradiction
If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
boiled Hollywood argot
bracingly nasty
, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
is frustratingly unconvincing .
is frustratingly unconvincing
frustratingly unconvincing
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
A woefully dull
woefully dull
redundant concept
that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
bears more than a whiff of exploitation ,
more than a whiff of exploitation
despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
of great actors hamming it up
gets royally screwed and comes back for more
gets royally screwed and
gets royally screwed
royally screwed
Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
is entirely too straight-faced
too straight-faced
misguided acts of affection
misguided
Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
silly -- and gross --
-- and gross --
-- and gross
gross
's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films
as moronic as some campus gross-out films
as moronic as some campus
moronic as some campus
moronic
The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
carry on their parents ' anguish
on their parents ' anguish
their parents ' anguish
The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
undergo radical changes when it suits the script
with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
with all its flaws
all its flaws
the pushiness and decibel volume
pushiness and decibel volume
pushiness and decibel
pushiness
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
overly-familiar
and poorly-constructed comedy
poorly-constructed comedy
poorly-constructed
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable ,
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable
, it 's contrived and predictable
's contrived and predictable
contrived and predictable
it 's never as solid as you want it to be
's never as solid as you want it to be
's never as solid
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
poking their genitals into fruit pies
scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV
document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
both sides of this emotional car-wreck
of this emotional car-wreck
this emotional car-wreck
emotional car-wreck
car-wreck
A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
A humorless
journey into a philosophical void .
a philosophical void
philosophical void
void
of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments
give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
desperately needed
The drama discloses almost nothing .
discloses almost nothing .
discloses almost nothing
few new converts
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and
The jokes are sophomoric ,
The jokes are sophomoric
stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere
the acting ranges from bad to bodacious
ranges from bad to bodacious
ranges from bad
like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers
like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial ,
like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
, low-key , 102-minute infomercial
low-key , 102-minute infomercial
, 102-minute infomercial
potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
, contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
, overblown , and entirely implausible
overblown , and entirely implausible
, and entirely implausible
and entirely implausible
entirely implausible
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
This long and relentlessly saccharine film
long and relentlessly saccharine film
long and relentlessly saccharine
relentlessly saccharine
is a clear case of preaching to the converted
, but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
the consequences of its own actions and revelations
the consequences
In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
falls victim
that everlasting conundrum
by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
too much to do , too little time to do it in
much to do , too little time to do it in
to do , too little time to do it in
You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
wishing that you and they were in another movie
that you and they were in another movie
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good
only comes to no good
comes to no good
to no good
no good
, no matter how degraded things get .
degraded things
If you can push on through the slow spots
A film that loses sight of its own story .
film that loses sight of its own story .
film that loses sight of its own story
that loses sight of its own story
loses sight of its own story
Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
dogs who are smarter than him
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
my own tortured psyche
We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
get paid enough to sit through crap like this
paid enough to sit through crap like this
enough to sit through crap like this
sit through crap like this
through crap like this
crap like this
Too bad .
preposterousness
its weaknesses
weaknesses
of the man
discordant
topple
not fully
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
, this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth
this too-long , spoofy update
too-long , spoofy update
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention
consider this a diss
this a diss
a diss
retelling
tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees
German Jewish refugees
dumb but occasionally really funny
dumb but occasionally
Does n't really add up to much .
Does n't really add up to much
Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof
whiny pouty-lipped poof
pouty-lipped poof
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
unassuming
you have left the theatre
left the theatre
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
a moratorium , effective immediately ,
a moratorium
Where 's the movie here ?
and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
unspeakably , unbearably dull
unspeakably ,
unbearably dull
, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
featuring reams of flatly
of flatly
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
as both shallow and dim-witted
both shallow and dim-witted
shallow and dim-witted
keep it from being a total rehash
from being a total rehash
being a total rehash
a total rehash
What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background
with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background
the incessant lounge music
may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .
may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga
disoriented but occasionally
disoriented
, not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ,
, not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
Killing time
that 's all that 's going on here .
Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
wannabe film --
wannabe film
succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful
the trap of the maudlin or tearful
maudlin or
I did n't laugh .
did n't laugh .
the limited range of a comedian
limited range
There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time
is simply not enough of interest onscreen
not enough of interest onscreen
The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe
to dumb down the universe
dumb down
just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
a little too familiar at the end
a little too familiar
This is a truly , truly bad movie .
is a truly , truly bad movie .
is a truly , truly bad movie
a truly , truly bad movie
truly , truly bad movie
truly , truly bad
, truly bad
truly bad
it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
will not be for much longer
its old-hat set-up and predictable plot
its old-hat set-up and
old-hat
predictable plot
Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
It wo n't harm anyone , but
neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
At times , it actually hurts to watch .
, it actually hurts to watch .
it actually hurts to watch .
actually hurts to watch .
hurts to watch
takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and
a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB-
a potentially trite and overused concept
potentially trite and overused concept
potentially trite and overused
trite and overused
overused
and altogether creepy
altogether creepy
Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy
crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy
crummy
, wannabe-hip crime comedy
wannabe-hip crime comedy
wannabe-hip
refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
incessantly
to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
rent those movies instead ,
rent those movies instead
Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-
of the current political climate
see : terrorists are more evil than ever !
terrorists are more evil than ever !
more evil than ever
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ,
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull
particularly joyless , and
particularly joyless ,
particularly joyless
exceedingly dull
at once laughable
laughable
in its committed dumbness
its committed dumbness
committed dumbness
dumbness
Lacks depth .
I do n't think so .
do n't think so .
do n't think so
Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi
A derivative collection
feel contradictory things
contradictory things
contradictory
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets
little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting
endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
the sheer ugliness of everything else
the sheer ugliness
sheer ugliness
ugliness
Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
, Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
'' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
tortuous
that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
moral schizophrenia
... hypnotically dull .
hypnotically dull .
dull .
of the grief
incapable of controlling his crew
incapable
though many of these guys are less than adorable
many of these guys are less than adorable
are less than adorable
less than adorable
less than
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB-
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered
pretty much self-centered
much self-centered
self-centered
Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
is one of those films that aims to confuse
of those films that aims to confuse
aims to confuse
It 's Pauly Shore awful .
's Pauly Shore awful .
's Pauly Shore awful
Pauly Shore awful
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan
ultimately flawed
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note :
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and
soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
, the acting is robotically italicized ,
the acting is robotically italicized ,
is robotically italicized
robotically italicized
robotically
truth-in-advertising hounds
's very little
Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
, considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
, the movie is rather choppy .
the movie is rather choppy .
is rather choppy
rather choppy
as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy
-- but not very Imaxy
but not very Imaxy
The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
comedy Death
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience
a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience
a movie without an apparent audience
Odd and weird .
Odd and weird
Odd and
This is not an easy film .
is not an easy film .
does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time
heft to justify its two-hour running time
to justify its two-hour running time
justify its two-hour running time
... overly melodramatic ...
overly melodramatic ...
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
are terribly wasted .
are terribly wasted
In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
Simply a re-hash of the other seven films
a re-hash of the other seven films
a re-hash
Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
, Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
of strung-together moments
strung-together moments
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film
Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film
Adam Sandler assault
possibly the worst film
There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew
only so much baked cardboard I need to chew
only so much baked cardboard
much baked cardboard
baked cardboard
A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
A full-frontal attack on audience patience
attack
on audience patience
When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
, you know the picture is in trouble .
you know the picture is in trouble .
know the picture is in trouble .
the picture is in trouble
is in trouble
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
: Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs
do not automatically equal laughs
with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names
cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names
cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- ,
cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB-
cheapo animation
like Saturday morning TV in the '60s
sword-and-sorcery
This is a film living far too much in its own head .
is a film living far too much in its own head .
is a film living far too much in its own head
a film living far too much in its own head
living far too much in its own head
living far too much
The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it
uncommitted
need n't waste their time on it
waste their time on it
waste their time
An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
An obvious copy
obvious copy
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction
loose , unaccountable direction
loose , unaccountable
is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
is technically sophisticated in the worst way
technically sophisticated in the worst way
sophisticated in the worst way
in the worst way
worst way
Fairly run-of-the-mill .
run-of-the-mill .
Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
, it 's an unhappy situation all around .
it 's an unhappy situation all around .
's an unhappy situation all around .
's an unhappy situation all around
's an unhappy situation
unhappy situation
unhappy
head cutter
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare ,
The story is predictable
are typical Sandler fare
Tends to plod .
Tends to plod
plod
Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably
showing them heartbreakingly drably
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling
what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling
what 's missing from this material
missing from this material
of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down
In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
bull
Originality ai n't on the menu ,
Originality ai n't on the menu
a dull moment
dull moment
Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
screaming but yawning
the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
muted
the very people who are intended to make it shine
You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .
'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
more unattractive or odorous
unattractive or odorous
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy
Dismally
Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
the breezy and amateurish feel
PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
PC stability notwithstanding
, the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy
most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain
most opaque , self-indulgent and
most opaque , self-indulgent
an excuse
needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
The movie is amateurish , but
The movie is amateurish ,
The movie is amateurish
is amateurish
You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied
come out feeling strangely unsatisfied
feeling strangely unsatisfied
strangely unsatisfied
unsatisfied
of its gags and observations
its gags and observations
gags and
In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
, In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works
fragmented
There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
more repetition than creativity
-LRB- A -RRB- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
, luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
, luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine
, luridly coloured ,
uni-dimensional nonsense machine
uni-dimensional
nonsense machine
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
so much crypt mist in the brain
not much else
not much
Feels shrill , simple and soapy .
from the demented mind
the demented mind
A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
A minor-league soccer remake
minor-league soccer remake
minor-league
Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had
was as superficial
the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had
the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma
Jersey lowbrow accent Uma
Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things
his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term --
, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length
it drags during its 112-minute length
drags during its 112-minute length
its 112-minute length
The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
makes a better short story than it does a film
makes a better short story
Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip
delivers the same old bad trip
the same old bad trip
same old bad trip
old bad trip
bad trip
With lines that feel like long soliloquies
lines that feel like long soliloquies
long soliloquies
-- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .
Max is static , stilted .
is static , stilted .
static , stilted
Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
Directed without the expected flair or imagination
Kong master John Woo
, Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
Aggravating and tedious .
Aggravating and tedious
Aggravating and
Aggravating
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
sabotaged
ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
time bombs and
time bombs
bombs
Hollywood-action cliches
Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work
neglects to add the magic that made it all work
neglects
Obvious .
the more problematic aspects
more problematic aspects
despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
noticeably derivative
Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
almost saves the movie .
Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on
we have no idea what in creation is going on
have no idea what in creation is going on
no idea what in creation is going on
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ?
's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
a bored Cage
bored Cage
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : ``
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream :
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
Got AIDS
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos ,
has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
induces headaches more slowly
induces headaches
more slowly
, this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
this overheated melodrama
plays like a student film .
plays like a student film
like a student film
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
complicated plotting and banal dialogue
banal dialogue
Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite ,
without respite
what it lacks in outright newness
it lacks in outright newness
lacks in outright newness
suffered most
suffered
However stale the material
stale the material
that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
trick you
into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
some of this worn-out , pandering palaver
of this worn-out , pandering palaver
this worn-out , pandering palaver
pandering
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism
the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons
sentimental , hypocritical
, hypocritical
hypocritical
, its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking ,
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
a droll sense
's worked too hard on this movie .
's worked too hard on this movie
worked too hard on this movie
If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two
the human race splitting in two
he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics
tawdry soap opera antics
tawdry
takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
Noyce 's greatest mistake
greatest mistake
is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
past my crappola radar
my crappola radar
crappola radar
crappola
the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
a flop with the exception of about six gags
a flop
the exception of about six gags
of about six gags
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
complain
that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
do n't make movies like they used to anymore
No surprises .
so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible
so overwrought
wildly implausible
that it begs to be parodied
begs to be parodied
antic spirits
subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
the needlessly poor quality
needlessly poor quality
needlessly
poor quality
Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation
the minimum requirement of Disney animation
With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
jump cuts , fast editing
, Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is
to camouflage how bad his movie is
camouflage how bad his movie is
how bad his movie is
was more melodramatic
, it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
's not as pathetic as The Animal .
's not as pathetic as The Animal
as pathetic as The Animal
pathetic as The Animal
pathetic
kicking undead \*\*\*
with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
regret and , ultimately ,
regret and
rather silly
` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves .
God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves
God help us
Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves
are rolling over in their graves
rolling over in their graves
rolling over
almost Bergmanesque intensity
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
the upbeat ending feels like a copout
feels like a copout
like a copout
a copout
copout
none of the happily-ever
As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
As pure over-the-top trash
pure over-the-top trash
over-the-top trash
, any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
Waters
has it beat by a country mile
the dark theater
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art
the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art
of having been slimed in the name of High Art
having been slimed in the name of High Art
been slimed in the name of High Art
slimed in the name of High Art
slimed
The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
prevents them from firing on all cylinders
prevents
are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .
abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness
in favor of mushy obviousness
of mushy obviousness
mushy
misfit artist
, too mediocre to love .
too mediocre to love .
too mediocre
A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ,
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room
as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room
as visually bland
visually bland
as a dentist 's waiting room
a dentist 's waiting room
of predictable narrative rhythms
in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
this kind of material is more effective on stage
this kind of material
is more effective on stage
more effective on stage
's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
visceral , nasty journey
, nasty journey
nasty journey
into an urban Hades
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves
downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves
assert
jerky
a very bleak day
very bleak day
very bleak
in Derry
These characters become wearisome .
become wearisome .
become wearisome
wearisome
Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
far less sophisticated and
far less sophisticated
far less
-LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions
better at fingering problems than finding solutions
fingering problems than finding solutions
But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
, The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
myopic
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
stalls
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
its lackluster gear
lackluster
of emotional blandness
emotional blandness
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
into a deadly bore
a deadly bore
deadly bore
be more genial than ingenious
genial than ingenious
is a mess .
The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ,
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
exploitation flick
style-free
in manipulation and mayhem
sorrowful lows
Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation
the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation
the long , dishonorable history
long , dishonorable history
, dishonorable history
dishonorable
of quickie teen-pop exploitation
quickie teen-pop exploitation
teen-pop exploitation
There 's no energy .
's no energy .
's no energy
Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
Lacking substance and soul
, Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs
shorter than Britney 's cutoffs
Britney 's cutoffs
you want it to be better and more successful than it is
want it to be better and more successful than it is
Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life
's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life
You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
exasperated
by a noticeable lack of pace
a noticeable lack of pace
noticeable lack
resorting to camp or parody
clobbering the audience over the head
clobbering the audience
Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies
an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp
outside his grasp
before she dies
she dies
dies
... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
seems more tacky and reprehensible ,
seems more tacky and reprehensible
more tacky and reprehensible
tacky and reprehensible
tacky and
reprehensible
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
A hit - and-miss affair ,
not as outrageous or funny
it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
'' dangerous
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw ,
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw
Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce
inevitable and
movie-biz
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
from largely flat and uncreative moments
largely flat and uncreative moments
largely flat and uncreative
flat and uncreative
flat and
uncreative
Slow , silly and unintentionally
silly and unintentionally
silly and
spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
clearly evident poverty and hardship
The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
the junk-calorie suspense tropes
junk-calorie suspense tropes
junk-calorie
that have all but ruined his career
have all but ruined his career
ruined his career
ruined
the nerve-raked acting ,
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
a terrible adaptation
terrible adaptation
of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
between farcical and loathsome
farcical and loathsome
loathsome
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
can only provide it with so much leniency .
so much leniency
hymn and a cruel story of youth culture
a cruel story
cruel story
What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
, it 's icky .
it 's icky .
's icky .
's icky
icky
Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What
becoming too cute about it
As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
, the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
leaves something to be desired .
leaves something to be desired
A bad movie that happened to good actors .
A bad movie that
A bad movie
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ,
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
deaths
just so the documentary will be over
's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
uncompelling the movie
uncompelling
unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
Confessions may not be a straightforward bio
may not be a straightforward bio
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy ,
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious
The acting is amateurish ,
The acting is amateurish
the cinematography is atrocious
is atrocious
the direction is clumsy
is clumsy
the writing is insipid
is insipid
the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
the violence
is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
luridly graphic and
laughably unconvincing
you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard
turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard
into a dullard
a dullard
dullard
My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
skip the film and
skip the film
acted and directed
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
because it aims so low
it aims so low
aims so low
so low
If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .
, as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
, the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
founders on its lack of empathy
on its lack of empathy
its lack of empathy
flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it
with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world
the further Oprahfication of the world
further Oprahfication
Oprahfication
, it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
still cuts all the way down to broken bone
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
is one baaaaaaaaad movie
one baaaaaaaaad movie
baaaaaaaaad movie
baaaaaaaaad
It must be the end of the world :
must be the end of the world
the end of the world
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
inevitably consigned
unexplainable
Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
like a half-baked stand-up routine
half-baked stand-up routine
the rope snaps
While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
irritating films
, it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
tainted
by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
cliches , painful improbability and murky
cliches , painful improbability and
cliches , painful improbability
, painful improbability
painful improbability
Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
, Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
more baffling
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary
It never comes close to being either funny or scary
never comes close to being either funny or scary
seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
capable only of delivering
that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
fall dreadfully short .
fall dreadfully short
dreadfully short
dreadfully
Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose
by its lack of purpose
its lack of purpose
it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
excitement in manufactured high drama
Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
is so prolonged and boring
so prolonged and boring
prolonged and boring
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
the barn-burningly bad movie
barn-burningly bad movie
barn-burningly
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
in this pretentious mess
this pretentious mess
Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .
, Mad Love looks better than it feels .
The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
becomes distasteful and downright creepy
distasteful and downright creepy
distasteful and
distasteful
The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
yielded such a flat , plodding picture
such a flat , plodding picture
a flat , plodding picture
flat , plodding picture
, plodding picture
plodding picture
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
It could have been something special
two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
drag it down to mediocrity --
drag it down to mediocrity
down to mediocrity
to mediocrity
misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
Mira Sorvino 's limitations
limitations
uncinematic but
, the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
behind this superficially loose , larky documentary
this superficially loose , larky documentary
superficially loose , larky documentary
superficially loose
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
do justice to the awfulness of the movie ,
do justice to the awfulness of the movie
to the awfulness of the movie
the awfulness of the movie
awfulness
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
that comes through all too painfully in the execution
comes through all too painfully in the execution
through all too painfully
too painfully
Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
to a new , self-deprecating level
a new , self-deprecating level
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
putters
along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
looking for astute observations and coming up blank
Incoherence reigns .
The wanton slipperiness
\* Corpus and its amiable jerking
its amiable jerking
77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
77 minutes of Pokemon
occasion
-LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
-LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction
script is n't up to the level of the direction
, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
its logical loopholes ,
which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative
sluggish pace and lack
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but
all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
sometimes tedious
ultimately insignificant
insignificant
This harrowing journey into combat hell
into combat hell
combat hell
the chaotic insanity and
chaotic insanity
personal tragedies
that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
too abundant
when human hatred spews forth unchecked
human hatred spews forth unchecked
human hatred
hatred
spews forth unchecked
unchecked
, the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
tears
the usual whoopee-cushion effort
usual whoopee-cushion effort
an American tragedy
Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
Much like its easily dismissive
its easily dismissive
easily dismissive
, there is n't much there here .
there is n't much there here .
is n't much there here .
This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
in Case of Fire
Imperfect ?
Imperfect
Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
is a particularly vexing handicap
as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
villainous
, lecherous
lecherous
Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
a deficit of flim-flam
a deficit
deficit
teasing
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't
do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't
do n't blame Eddie Murphy but
blame Eddie Murphy
Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
a boring movie
boring movie
a boring man ,
a boring man
boring man
of being boring
being boring
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me
wrong with performances here
the whiney characters bugged me
whiney
bugged me
dry , reliable textbook
provides a grim , upsetting glimpse
grim , upsetting glimpse
upsetting glimpse
upsetting
the 1.2 million Palestinians
the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
the crowded cities and refugee camps
be a most hard-hearted person
a most hard-hearted person
not to be moved by this drama
The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well
they may be as history
are too crude to serve the work especially well
too crude to serve the work especially well
that might otherwise separate them
The entire movie has a truncated feeling ,
The entire movie has a truncated feeling
truncated
It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust ,
like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust
the similarly ill-timed Antitrust
similarly ill-timed Antitrust
similarly ill-timed
ill-timed
is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
as bad at a fraction the budget
bad at a fraction the budget
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
to cliches and pat storytelling
cliches and pat storytelling
and pat storytelling
It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home
watch on video at home
its paint fights , motorized scooter chases
a pretty listless collection
pretty listless collection
pretty listless
its story is only surface deep
3-D
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film
into an excruciating film
an excruciating film
excruciating film
school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
take as many drugs as the film 's characters
the film its flaws
, no , we get another scene , and then another .
no , we get another scene , and then another .
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and
Seagal ran out of movies years ago ,
Seagal ran out of movies years ago
is no substitute for on-screen chemistry
Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia
that make Williams sink into melancholia
sink into melancholia
into melancholia
a gut punch
has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
swoony
Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive
essentially unpersuasive
unpersuasive
The script ?
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
cobbled together out of older movies
that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
uses a totally unnecessary prologue ,
totally unnecessary prologue
just because it seems obligatory
A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
seems uncertain
it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
an acidic all-male All About Eve
acidic all-male
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne
no more
a glass of flat champagne
of flat champagne
flat champagne
Too silly to take seriously .
slaloming through its hackneyed elements
through its hackneyed elements
hackneyed elements
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers --
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
not smart or
not smart
everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
poo-poo jokes
poo-poo
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but
There are many definitions of ` time waster '
are many definitions of ` time waster '
many definitions of ` time waster '
` time waster '
time waster '
waster '
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
-RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
unsatisfying muddle
It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
cheesy commercialism
resist
if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
nothing original
who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
died a matter of weeks
died
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
little sticky and unsatisfied
sticky and unsatisfied
overdoing it
overdoing
The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
which never reach satisfying conclusions
never reach satisfying conclusions
that only seems to care about the bottom line
only seems to care about the bottom line
This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
is one big , dumb action movie .
is one big , dumb action movie
big , dumb action movie
, dumb action movie
dumb action movie
to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
a film that is only mildly diverting
The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
disjointed ,
disjointed
If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle
totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema
totally weirded -
totally weirded
weirded
with disorienting force
disorienting force
disorienting
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics ,
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics
a Pasolini film without passion or politics
without passion or politics
without beauty or humor
you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
numb experience of watching O Fantasma
numb experience
numb
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ?
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so
estrogen-free
you might want to leave your date behind for this one
might want to leave your date behind for this one
want to leave your date behind for this one
to leave your date behind for this one
leave your date behind for this one
leave your date
an admittedly limited extent
admittedly limited extent
admittedly limited
And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are
as blasphemous and nonsensical
blasphemous and nonsensical
blasphemous and
the latter 's attendant intelligence
The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical
without context -- journalistic or historical
If it 's not entirely memorable
it 's not entirely memorable
's not entirely memorable
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
has a tired , talky feel .
has a tired , talky feel
a tired , talky feel
tired , talky feel
tired , talky
How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
boring , self-important stories
, self-important stories
how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
how horrible
While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
, Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought ,
silly and overwrought
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
ambiguous ending
seem goofy rather than provocative
seem goofy
rather than provocative
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work
An awkward hybrid
awkward hybrid
of genres that just does n't work
genres that just does n't work
that just does n't work
just does n't work
does n't work
complexities
Middle East
If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
his ordeal
would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over
Sluggish , tonally uneven .
Sluggish , tonally uneven
Sluggish ,
tonally uneven
Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight
does n't organize it with any particular insight
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him
grief drives her
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times ,
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times
A bit of a downer and a little
a downer and a little
a downer and
downer
over-dramatic at times
over-dramatic
A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
of cliches that the talented cast generally
chokes on .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
enough , but nothing new
nothing new
The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
for the most part , the film is deadly dull
, the film is deadly dull
the film is deadly dull
is deadly dull
from squirming in their seats
squirming
the world 's political situation
seems little different
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
ultimately tragic
Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .
Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
a movie instead of an endless trailer
an endless trailer
endless trailer
spoiler alert ! -RRB-
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
the worst titles in recent cinematic history
the worst titles
worst titles
, Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ;
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting
terrible , banal dialogue ;
terrible , banal dialogue
, hole-ridden plotting
hole-ridden plotting
hole-ridden
superficial characters
a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
rather dull , unimaginative car chase
rather dull , unimaginative
dull , unimaginative
Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders
Carrying this wafer-thin movie
this wafer-thin movie
wafer-thin movie
wafer-thin
Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master .
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
putrid writing , direction and timing
Skins has a desolate air
desolate
The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
The bland outweighs the nifty , and
The bland outweighs the nifty ,
The bland
Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
, the subject matter goes nowhere .
the subject matter goes nowhere .
goes nowhere .
It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
is so charmless and vacant
so charmless and vacant
charmless and vacant
charmless and
charmless
vacant
debilitating
the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
of carnage
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
a weepy melodrama
weepy melodrama
weepy
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture
of a paint-by-numbers picture
a paint-by-numbers picture
paint-by-numbers picture
paint-by-numbers
Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness ,
Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness
Trapped
wo n't score points for political correctness
cause parents a few sleepless hours --
cause parents a few sleepless hours
few sleepless hours
swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award
-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes
, partisans and sabotage
sabotage
, but not all that good .
, but not all that good
not all that good
the limits of what a film can be ,
to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
Triumph of Love is a very silly movie ,
Triumph of Love is a very silly movie
silliness
all its problems
grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
grow boring ...
grow boring
Borscht
fairly uneventful and
fairly uneventful
no real surprises
dying fall
, the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion
so stylized as to be drained of human emotion
to be drained of human emotion
drained of human emotion
Absolutely not .
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
even more indistinct
The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
, like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
something of a stiff --
something of a stiff
a stiff
an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
extra-dry
that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
seems twice as long
it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more
when it could have been so much more
it could have been so much more
could have been so much more
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery ,
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
carries almost no organic intrigue
almost no organic intrigue
no organic intrigue
because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
as the old-hat province of male intrigue
old-hat province
A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
A waste of fearless purity
A waste
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral
Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral
idling in neutral
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams
bore most audiences
spent screen series
, Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up --
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up
is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up
is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer
a 65th class reunion mixer
a bad premise
bad premise
, but the execution is lackluster at best .
the execution is lackluster at best
is lackluster at best
lackluster at best
the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation
the same tired old gags ,
the same tired old gags
same tired old gags
tired old gags
old gags
the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
are far worse
far worse
messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
with the sloppy slapstick comedy
It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but
sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
a mere disease-of -
more wrenching
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
dubious
of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
a really bad imitation
really bad imitation
really bad
of the really bad Blair Witch Project
the really bad Blair Witch Project
really bad Blair Witch Project
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
A very depressing movie of many
A very depressing movie
very depressing movie
very depressing
missed opportunities .
This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
is a fragmented film ,
is a fragmented film
a fragmented film
fragmented film
once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
that was followed by the bad idea
was followed by the bad idea
followed by the bad idea
bad idea
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme
A stupid , derivative horror film
stupid , derivative horror film
derivative horror film
gore for suspense .
gore for suspense
gore
XXX
all this contrived nonsense a bit
all this contrived nonsense
this contrived nonsense
contrived nonsense
With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
, K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
to a Harrison Ford low
a Harrison Ford low
Harrison Ford low
-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation
it is a rather poor imitation
is a rather poor imitation
a rather poor imitation
most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
Predictable and cloying ,
in its yearning for the days
average formulaic romantic quadrangle
an aimlessness
to an air ball
air ball
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea ,
might not seem like the proper cup of tea
the stuffiest cinema goers
stuffiest cinema goers
stuffiest
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
accept it as life and
, like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie
snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie
but a stumblebum of a movie
a stumblebum
lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in
hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool
hijacks the heat of revolution
a sales tool
the dangers of ouija boards
the dangers
dangers
, someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
should dispense the same advice to film directors .
-LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
relied too much on convention
relied too much
creating the characters who surround Frankie
Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity
lacks in clarity
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
be killed
Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
to keel over
lumps of coal
an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher ,
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher
One problem with the movie ,
One problem with the movie
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
jams too many prefabricated story elements
too many prefabricated story elements
prefabricated story elements
prefabricated
It 's one long bore .
long bore .
bore .
In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
, apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
a menace
menace
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie :
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie
is a slight and uninventive movie
a slight and uninventive movie
slight and uninventive
uninventive
referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
the title , many can aspire but none can equal
can aspire but none can equal
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
never really busts out of its comfy little cell
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ,
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
off more than he or anyone else could chew
he or anyone else
his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
veers like a drunken driver
like a drunken driver
drunken driver
Contrived as this may sound
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
If it were any more of a turkey
it were any more of a turkey
were any more of a turkey
a turkey
, it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
the discomfort and embarrassment
discomfort and embarrassment
bumbling
Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
, I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have
all the same problems the majority of action comedies have
the same problems
What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- ,
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB-
that is dark
sour , bloody and mean
, bloody and mean
On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
lies ...
footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
made No Such Thing
of a frustrating misfire
a frustrating misfire
frustrating misfire
is also a pointed political allegory .
Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters
Nothing happens , and
Nothing happens ,
Nothing happens
it happens to flat characters
to flat characters
flat characters
of black indomitability
black indomitability
This rush to profits
of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
for its overwhelming creepiness
creepiness
to create images you wish you had n't seen
create images you wish you had n't seen
images you wish you had n't seen
you wish you had n't seen
wish you had n't seen
unstinting
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ...
The milieu is wholly unconvincing
is wholly unconvincing
wholly unconvincing
the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
reach a truly annoying pitch
a truly annoying pitch
truly annoying pitch
truly annoying
is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .
is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
been made under the influence of Rohypnol
made under the influence of Rohypnol
Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .
creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise
recycles the same premise
same premise
a painful elegy and
painful elegy
he 's been in years
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything
An awkwardly garish showcase
awkwardly garish showcase
garish showcase
remotely probing or penetrating .
... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- ,
a complete wash
complete wash
, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
comes off as a pale successor .
comes off as a pale successor
as a pale successor
a pale successor
pale successor
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
the chills
heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
weirdness
They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
done , so primitive in technique ,
done , so primitive in technique
so primitive in technique
that it ca n't really be called animation
it ca n't really be called animation
ca n't really be called animation
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and
was chuckling at all the wrong times
at all the wrong times
the wrong times
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
a collective heart attack
collective heart attack
heart attack
about the inability of dreams and aspirations
the inability
Extremely bad .
Extremely bad
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks
The somber pacing and lack
somber pacing and lack
pacing and lack
make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment
Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment
seem more like medicine
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool
A rude black comedy
rude black comedy
a holy fool
It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ;
what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
scrawled
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite ,
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite
be themselves
is trite
the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness
restate
to the point of ridiculousness
the point of ridiculousness
of ridiculousness
Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
a disaster of a story ,
a disaster of a story
a disaster
full of holes and completely lacking in chills
of holes and completely lacking in chills
holes and completely lacking in chills
completely lacking in chills
lacking in chills
Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
inane , humorless and under-inspired .
inane , humorless and under-inspired
, humorless and under-inspired
humorless and
under-inspired
face arrest 15 years after their crime
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
self-promotion
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
a huge disappointment coming , as it does ,
a huge disappointment coming , as it does
a huge disappointment coming ,
a huge disappointment coming
huge disappointment coming
disappointment coming
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
, virulently unpleasant excuse
virulently unpleasant excuse
unpleasant excuse
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel ,
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel
Humorless ,
self-conscious art drivel
drivel
made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
scuttled
by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
that 's just too boring and obvious
's just too boring and obvious
too boring and obvious
boring and obvious
could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
could have used some informed , adult hindsight
Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
, like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
, does not work .
does not work .
does not work
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad
this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
this unrelenting bleak insistence
unrelenting bleak insistence
just becomes sad
Technically and artistically inept .
Technically and artistically inept
and artistically inept
artistically inept
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more
An average B-movie with no aspirations
An average B-movie
with no aspirations
no aspirations
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is
It 's a loathsome movie ,
It 's a loathsome movie
's a loathsome movie
a loathsome movie
loathsome movie
it makes absolutely no sense
makes absolutely no sense
is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
mild-mannered , been-there material
been-there material
needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies
at the absurdities and inconsistencies
the absurdities and inconsistencies
absurdities and inconsistencies
inconsistencies
Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't
What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
the tiresome rant
tiresome rant
rant
of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
an odd show , pregnant with moods ,
an odd show
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
stillborn
except as a harsh conceptual exercise
harsh conceptual exercise
A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
A dark-as-pitch comedy
dark-as-pitch
frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
veers into corny sentimentality , probably
veers into corny sentimentality ,
into corny sentimentality
corny sentimentality
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
, Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
fizzability
I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
know we 're not supposed to take it seriously
we 're not supposed to take it seriously
I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD
find anything to get excited about on this DVD
negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
imperfect , love-hate relationship
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and
Lacks the spirit of the previous two ,
Lacks the spirit of the previous two
even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
more unmentionable subjects
seem like mere splashing around in the muck
like mere splashing around
the muck
muck
tormented by his heritage
Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail
an MTV , sugar hysteria , and
an MTV , sugar hysteria ,
PlayStation cocktail
Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
Too stagey , talky
Too stagey ,
Too stagey
-- and long -- for its own good
No thanks .
This off-putting French romantic comedy
It 's never laugh-out-loud funny ,
As banal as the telling may be
banal as the telling
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
The thing just never gets off the ground .
just never gets off the ground .
never gets off the ground .
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally
has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market
dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market
dulled your senses faster and deeper
dulled your senses
dulled
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --
a tap-dancing rhino
is just as boring and as obvious
as boring and as obvious
as boring and
as boring
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
Klein
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
saddest action hero performances
saddest
, artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation
to the point of suffocation
the point of suffocation
suffocation
The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ;
The self-serious Equilibrium
is n't much fun without the highs and lows
is n't much fun
Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
book report
totalitarian
And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
Loud , silly , stupid and pointless
silly , stupid and pointless
, stupid and pointless
stupid and pointless
stupid and
swill .
swill
Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
-LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment
tosses around sex toys and offers
sex toys and offers
half-hearted
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
the brutality
of the jokes , most at women 's expense
the jokes , most at women 's expense
most at women 's expense
Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
shamefully
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder
strolls through this mess with a smug grin ,
through this mess
this mess
smug grin
a kilt
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
Unspeakable
As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
the sulking , moody male hustler
moody male hustler
has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but
all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence ,
While the film is not entirely successful
the film is not entirely successful
is not entirely successful
But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
the problem with Wendigo ,
the problem with Wendigo
is n't really one of resources
If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French
, do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
because they 're clueless and inept
they 're clueless and inept
're clueless and inept
clueless and inept
clueless and
sub
the most severe kind
most severe
personal loss
rejection by one 's mother
expect from movies
By that measure , it is a failure .
, it is a failure .
it is a failure .
is a failure .
is a failure
a failure
failure
like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
deleted
If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic
Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic
is n't especially realistic
into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind
an uneasy blend of Ghost
an uneasy blend
uneasy blend
Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
, Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
wheedling reluctant witnesses
pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
, this movie just goes on and on and on and on
this movie just goes on and on and on and on
just goes on and on and on and on
goes on and on and on and on
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
a sour taste in one 's mouth ,
a sour taste in one 's mouth
Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing .
Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing
no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
more racist portraits
racist portraits
the excitement is missing
to the abysmal Hannibal
the abysmal Hannibal
abysmal Hannibal
abysmal
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and
side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
that it ends up being surprisingly dull
it ends up being surprisingly dull
ends up being surprisingly dull
being surprisingly dull
-LRB- Janey -RRB- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
is somehow guessable from the first few minutes ,
guessable from the first few minutes
maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
the by now intolerable morbidity
by now intolerable morbidity
by now intolerable
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ,
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
the film seems as deflated as he does
seems as deflated as he does
as deflated as he does
deflated as he does
deflated
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made --
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
owes enormous debts
debts
less entertaining
just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters
grimly for the next shock
grimly
the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times
does seem pretty unbelievable at times
pretty unbelievable
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping
90 punitive minutes
punitive minutes
screeching-metal
flaccid odd-couple sniping
flaccid
Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
more than recycled jock
piffle .
Despite the surface attractions
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
impressive and yet lacking about everything
yet lacking about everything
lacking about everything
to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
neo-fascism
It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
shot two years ago
has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
gathering dust
on MGM 's shelf
If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke
The Full Monty was a freshman fluke
was a freshman fluke
freshman fluke
fluke
Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump
-LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump
sophomore slump
slump
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
the Halloween series has lost its edge
has lost its edge
lost its edge
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
Derailed by bad writing and
Derailed by bad writing
Derailed
by bad writing
bad writing
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
of their first full flush of testosterone
full flush
the wobbly premise work
wobbly premise work
wobbly
The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
from this choppy and sloppy affair
this choppy and sloppy affair
choppy and sloppy affair
choppy and sloppy
choppy and
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
an old and scary one
old and scary one
old and
vengeance
Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
may have to keep on looking .
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights
the film 's shortcomings
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
he needs to pull his head out of his butt
needs to pull his head out of his butt
to pull his head out of his butt
pull his head out of his butt
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre
Suffers from all the excesses
all bluster
Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
that Jackie Chan is getting older
that 's something I would rather live in denial about
's something I would rather live in denial about
something I would rather live in denial about
live in denial about
in denial about
There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
purposes of bland Hollywood romance
of bland Hollywood romance
bland Hollywood romance
Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end
to a new scene , which also appears to be the end
The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and
the viewer 's patience
with slow pacing
slow pacing
a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
who sometimes defies sympathy
ills
-LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .
-LRB- and unintentionally
Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
derived from a lobotomy ,
derived from a lobotomy
a lobotomy
lobotomy
having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
had all its vital essence scooped out and
had all its vital essence scooped out
had all its vital essence scooped
discarded
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
A sad and rote exercise
sad and rote exercise
in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
a played-out idea
played-out idea
played-out
-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
dress up in drag
that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
manages to be even worse than its title
to be even worse than its title
be even worse than its title
even worse than its title
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
the most depressing movie-going experiences
most depressing movie-going experiences
most depressing
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
a so-called ` comedy '
so-called ` comedy '
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
eroti-comedy
might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster
biggest husband-and-wife disaster
husband-and-wife disaster
Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero
the ridiculous Bolero
ridiculous Bolero
the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
anarchist maxim
destroy is also a creative urge
Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
show Blind Date , only less
Blind Date , only less
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
dull , inconsistent , dishonest
, inconsistent , dishonest
inconsistent , dishonest
, dishonest
dishonest
pummel us with phony imagery or music
pummel us
with phony imagery or music
phony imagery or music
I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
frustrated and detached
frustrated
as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
Vincent became more and more abhorrent
more and more abhorrent
more abhorrent
A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
A rehash of every gangster movie
A rehash
Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
is a step down for director Gary Fleder
is a step down
a step down
Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
shrewd enough
to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
The fact that it is n't very good
that it is n't very good
it is n't very good
is n't very good
is almost
, it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
stages his gags
as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
, Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
lacks aspirations of social upheaval
A crude
teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .
that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and
we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile ,
do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
a smile , just sneers and bile
just sneers
trapped inside a huge video game
, where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
, inane images keep popping past your head
inane images keep popping past your head
the same illogical things keep happening over and over again
the same illogical things
same illogical things
illogical
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
is as difficult for the audience to take as it
is as difficult for the audience
difficult for the audience
frustrates and
frustrates
seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough
seem at times too many ,
seem at times too many
at times too many
in reality they are not enough
they are not enough
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say
a trifle flat
Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way ,
cut out figures
look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures
Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures
however well intentioned
can wreak havoc in other cultures
wreak havoc in other cultures
wreak
havoc
blows
Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
a film so graceless and devoid
so graceless and devoid
graceless and devoid
graceless and
graceless
, flawed humanity
deep , uncompromising curtsy
, uncompromising
searching for its identity
Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
it 's just too dry and too placid
's just too dry and too placid
too dry and too placid
too dry and
too dry
too placid
Well-meant but unoriginal .
Well-meant but unoriginal
Well-meant but
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
, The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
is oppressively heavy .
is oppressively heavy
oppressively heavy
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
, Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance
has settled for a lugubrious romance
settled for a lugubrious romance
would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .
work much better as a one-hour TV documentary
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ,
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
freewheeling trash-cinema roots
trash-cinema roots
trash-cinema
bludgeoning the audience over the head
bludgeoning the audience
bludgeoning
leaving the theater
`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
the film , flaws and
In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
, The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries .
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
the kind of soft-core twaddle
of soft-core twaddle
soft-core twaddle
put off by the film 's austerity
What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
What a pity
... that the material is so second-rate .
that the material is so second-rate .
that the material is so second-rate
the material is so second-rate
so second-rate
second-rate
Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go
Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go
rarely seem sure of where it should go
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ...
Pair that with really poor comedic writing
that with really poor comedic writing
with really poor comedic writing
really poor comedic writing
really poor
you 've got a huge mess
've got a huge mess
a huge mess
huge mess
, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous
She may not be real
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
the primitive murderer
a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
to cheesier to cheesiest
cheesier to cheesiest
cheesier
cheesiest
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless
confused in Death to Smoochy
something both ugly and mindless
both ugly and mindless
ugly and mindless
ugly and
The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
are simply too bland to be interesting .
are simply too bland to be interesting
too bland to be interesting
bland to be interesting
The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
undistinguished rhythm
undistinguished
of artificial suspense
artificial suspense
It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
An awful snooze .
awful snooze .
snooze .
snooze
Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
, despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
a troubled and determined homicide cop
troubled and
troubled
In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
, The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach
turns a blind eye
his character awakens to the notion that to be human
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
wasted minutes of Sandler
as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
uppity
its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
savagely
to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
HIV\/AIDS
conned
Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
, it still seems endless .
seems endless .
that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
downright comically evil
Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary
Patchy combination of soap opera ,
Patchy combination of soap opera
Patchy combination
Patchy
low-tech magic realism and , at times ,
low-tech magic realism
low-tech
ploddingly sociological commentary
ploddingly sociological
Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
Trailer trash cinema
trash cinema
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks !
uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks
perversity
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber -
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber
is a little like chewing whale blubber
a little like chewing whale blubber
like chewing whale blubber
blubber
it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy
take 3 hours to get through
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything
shrill and soporific , and because
shrill and soporific
shrill and
, it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
can seem tiresomely simpleminded
seem tiresomely simpleminded
tiresomely simpleminded
By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
back-stabbing
, it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
said plenty
how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
infiltrated every corner
-- and not always for the better
and not always for the better
not always for the better
limited appeal
those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
explosions , sadism and seeing people
beat each other to a pulp
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure
a sense-of-humour failure
sense-of-humour failure
The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
to go down with a ship as leaky as this
go down with a ship as leaky as this
go down with a ship as leaky
a ship as leaky
More a gunfest than a Rock concert .
On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms
its own staggeringly unoriginal terms
own staggeringly unoriginal terms
staggeringly unoriginal terms
unoriginal terms
An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
An already thin story
already thin story
This thing is just garbage .
is just garbage .
is just garbage
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
that it risks monotony
monotony
There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and
's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
fuddy-duddy
The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side
... never quite settles on either side
Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary
the execution is pretty weary
is pretty weary
pretty weary
weary
the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course
a predictable connect-the-dots course
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
manufactured to claim street credibility
little imagination
of unsettling atmospherics
abrasive
Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
Stinks from start
to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
like a wet burlap sack of gloom
a wet burlap sack of gloom
a wet burlap sack
wet burlap sack
gloom
At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
, Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
in search of a better movie experience
Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and
veered off too far into the Exxon zone ,
veered off too far into the Exxon zone
veered off too far
off too far
left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
left me behind
left me
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
the station looking for a return ticket to realism
looking for a return ticket to realism
looking for a return ticket
a return ticket
return ticket
What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down
but a very handsomely produced let-down
very handsomely produced let-down
let-down
motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .
motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
super - violent ,
super-stupid
-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
, Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
folds under its own thinness .
folds under its own thinness
under its own thinness
its own thinness
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
tell you how tedious ,
tell you how tedious
how tedious
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is ,
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
resolutely unamusing ,
resolutely unamusing
unamusing
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
thoroughly unrewarding all of this
unrewarding all of this
unrewarding
what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
what a reckless squandering of four fine
what a reckless squandering
what a reckless
a dramatic slap
painful and
leaving you
Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely
lame and Severely
Dramatically lackluster .
Dramatically lackluster
They cheapen the overall effect .
cheapen the overall effect .
cheapen the overall effect
cheapen
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
corporate circus
is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
mergers and downsizing
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
nothing better to do with 94 minutes
better to do with 94 minutes
A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .
A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
, bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
bombastic and ultimately empty
ultimately empty
An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
An empty shell
Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
sink it faster than a leaky freighter
sink it
than a leaky freighter
While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through
, the movie would be impossible to sit through
the movie would be impossible to sit through
would be impossible to sit through
be impossible to sit through
impossible to sit through
The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
wastes its time on mood rather than
wastes its time on mood
wastes its time
riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise
the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise
the inherent absurdity
inherent absurdity
their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action
shortage
get on a board and , uh , shred ,
uh , shred ,
come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
afterlife and
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .
tackles more than she can handle .
tackles more than she can handle
more than she can handle
Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
Silly stuff
all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
mixed up together like a term paper
mixed up
like a term paper
a term paper
a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
crass , then gasp for gas ,
a nationwide blight
nationwide blight
horrifyingly , ever
horrifyingly ,
horrifyingly
de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
little enthusiasm
Some elements of it really blow the big one , but
Some elements of it really blow the big one ,
Some elements of it really blow the big one
really blow the big one
blow the big one
Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
The exploitative
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors
staged violence overshadows everything ,
staged violence overshadows everything
violence overshadows everything
The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .
The biggest problem
It 's not an easy one to review .
gain the unconditional love she seeks
were written by somebody else
written by somebody else
A half-assed film .
half-assed film .
half-assed
of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least
of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor
paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor
The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
is repulsive and depressing .
is repulsive and depressing
repulsive and depressing
repulsive and
repulsive
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't
portrayals
bad seeds
more ambivalent set
writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin
writing , skewed characters ,
writing , skewed characters
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
feel like time fillers between surf shots .
feel like time fillers between surf shots
like time fillers between surf shots
time fillers between surf shots
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny
threw medical equipment at a window
because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
toss it at the screen in frustration
toss it
at the screen in frustration
the screen in frustration
in frustration
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
are as contrived and artificial
as contrived and artificial
contrived and artificial
Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
resolutely downbeat
downbeat
Smokers Only
every indulgent , indie trick in the book
every indulgent , indie trick
, indie trick
, inflammatory film
about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
offers no easy , comfortable resolution
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
A limp Eddie Murphy
limp Eddie Murphy
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of
that even he seems embarrassed to be part of
he seems embarrassed to be part of
seems embarrassed to be part of
embarrassed to be part of
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ;
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
the teen-exploitation playbook
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters --
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to --
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to
Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
feel uneasy , even queasy ,
feel uneasy , even queasy
even queasy
is on the border of bemused contempt
the border of bemused contempt
bemused contempt
contempt
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute
bland , obnoxious 88-minute
, obnoxious 88-minute
obnoxious 88-minute
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
is too bad
The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
share no chemistry or engaging charisma
no chemistry or engaging charisma
no chemistry or
no chemistry
sexually explicit
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is
Less funny than it should be and
Less funny
less funny than it thinks it is
made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion
from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion
a deep vein of sadness
deep vein
There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
the stale plot and pornographic way
stale plot and pornographic way
plot and pornographic way
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
Christ
does n't work because there is no foundation for it
work because there is no foundation for it
because there is no foundation for it
there is no foundation for it
is no foundation for it
no foundation for it
no foundation
manic
compromising that complexity
It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously
is dark , brooding and slow , and
is dark , brooding and slow ,
is dark , brooding and slow
, brooding and slow
brooding and slow
takes its central idea way too seriously
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
disgusted
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
the lazy material and
the lazy material
lazy material
the finished product 's unshapely look
unshapely look
unshapely
, director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
dips key moments from the film
dips key moments
While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
bad of a movie
, it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
's nowhere near as good as the original .
's nowhere near as good as the original
, writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
is slight but unendurable
slight but unendurable
clutches his chest
be seen everywhere
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
is n't heated properly ,
is n't heated
a bit cold and relatively flavorless
a bit cold and
relatively flavorless
... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
Shot like a postcard and
overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
overacted
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
the boozy self-indulgence
boozy
that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
the worst in otherwise talented actors
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB-
Less a movie than -RRB-
Less a movie than
Less a movie
an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
an appalling ,
appalling ,
appalling
odoriferous thing ...
odoriferous thing
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
rotten in almost every single facet of production
that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
crawl up your own \*\*\*
feels at odds with the rest of the film .
feels at odds with the rest of the film
at odds with the rest of the film
odds with the rest of the film
about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
genteel and unsurprising
pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect
in nearly every scene
, but to diminishing effect
diminishing effect
An uncomfortable experience , but
An uncomfortable experience ,
An uncomfortable experience
the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
The pretensions -- and disposable story --
-- and disposable story --
-- and disposable story
disposable story
sink the movie .
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived
Depressingly thin and
Depressingly thin
exhaustingly contrived
exhaustingly
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell
, I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor
lack the nerve ...
lack the nerve
for sick humor
sick humor
expected it to be
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized
as deep as a Petri dish
deep as a Petri dish
despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
stereotypical familial quandaries
stereotypical
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity
sabotaged by pomposity
, Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
emerges as a numbingly dull experience
as a numbingly dull experience
a numbingly dull experience
numbingly dull experience
numbingly dull
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for --
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for
A boring , pretentious muddle
boring , pretentious muddle
boring , pretentious
, pretentious
well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
, I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
all the dramatic weight
Birot 's
of the two bewitched adolescents
Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
a decomposition
decomposition
-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
gross romanticization
of the delusional personality type
delusional
justify his exercise
Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan
Less-than-compelling documentary
Less-than-compelling
Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
secondhand ,
familiar -- and not in a good way
-- and not in a good way
and not in a good way
not in a good way
B picture , and
B picture
started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence
started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and
deteriorates into a protracted
borderline silly chase sequence
, cry and realize ,
a flawed human
who ca n't quite live up to it
ca n't quite live up to it
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
One of the most unpleasant things the studio
of the most unpleasant things the studio
the most unpleasant things the studio
the most unpleasant things
most unpleasant things
most unpleasant
all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is
admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is
wonder what the point of it is
... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
is in the end an honorable , interesting failure
in the end an honorable , interesting failure
the end an honorable , interesting failure
an honorable , interesting failure
honorable , interesting failure
, interesting failure
interesting failure
a terrible film
terrible film
it 's also far from being a realized work
's also far from being a realized work
far from being a realized work
you feel guilty about it
guilty about it
F
from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
a pedestrian , flat drama
pedestrian , flat drama
, flat drama
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
` amateur ' in almost every frame
amateur ' in almost every frame
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
an unimaginative screenwriter 's
unimaginative screenwriter 's
Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .
's really just another Major League .
's really just another Major League
It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that
a glorified sitcom , and
a glorified sitcom ,
a glorified sitcom
glorified sitcom
a long , unfunny one at that
a long , unfunny one
, unfunny one
unfunny one
will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
the movie 's sophomoric blend
shenanigans and
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
Arnold Schwarzenegger
, -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
-LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
Ahola -RRB-
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
has a wooden delivery and
a wooden delivery
wooden delivery
encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
the disjointed
feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
a bunch of strung-together TV episodes
of strung-together TV episodes
the unsettled tenor
unsettled
As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
, it 's too long and unfocused .
it 's too long and unfocused .
's too long and unfocused .
's too long and unfocused
too long and unfocused
long and unfocused
Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded
his storytelling skills have eroded
were actually under 40
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
A cheap scam
cheap scam
scam
put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment
some cynical creeps
cynical creeps
to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
the suckers
suckers
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
there surrender $ 9 and
there surrender $ 9
surrender $ 9
93 minutes of unrecoverable life
of unrecoverable life
unrecoverable life
unrecoverable
It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to
It ca n't escape its past , and
It ca n't escape its past
does n't want to
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit
for the toilet and scores a direct hit
the toilet and scores a direct hit
as erratic as its central character .
as erratic as its central character
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
the more common saccharine genre
saccharine genre
refuses to spell things out for viewers
spell things out for viewers
Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon
-- however canned --
however canned --
for unexpectedly giddy viewing
It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
's the element of condescension ,
as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
down on their working-class subjects
their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
so distasteful
Ararat feels like a book report
feels like a book report
like a book report
-LRB- Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
deserves a better vehicle
than this facetious smirk of a movie
this facetious smirk
facetious
loud and goofy
As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle
exhausted
realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
, its story was making no sense at all
its story was making no sense at all
was making no sense at all
making no sense at all
making no sense
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations
with flabby rolls
typical Toback machinations
Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy
the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
were convinced to waste their time
to waste their time
There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but
exactly wrong
there 's not nearly enough that 's right
's not nearly enough that 's right
's not nearly enough
that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
no plot
This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention
like a non-stop cry for attention
a non-stop cry for attention
Hardly an objective documentary
loathe him
loathe
willing to express his convictions
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
the worst of the Brosnan bunch
, it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
's one of the worst of the entire franchise
one of the worst of the entire franchise
of the worst of the entire franchise
the worst of the entire franchise
We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity
We never feel anything for these characters , and
We never feel anything for these characters ,
We never feel anything for these characters
never feel anything for these characters
is basically just a curiosity
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
be as bored watching Morvern Callar
be as bored
as bored
Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .
ca n't even do that much .
ca n't even do that much
ca n't even
I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled ,
'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
be baffled
minimal appreciation
We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce ,
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
a bad run
bad run
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
no earthly reason
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
this distinguished actor would stoop so low
would stoop so low
stoop so low
hard-pressed
are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills
are a few modest laughs , but certainly no
are a few modest laughs , but
It has its faults , but
It has its faults ,
It has its faults
has its faults
its faults
be sorry
Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
, however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
be depressing ,
be depressing
the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
sad ending
Muddled , trashy and
Muddled , trashy
Muddled ,
a very rainy day .
a very rainy day
The story has little wit and no surprises .
has little wit and no surprises .
little wit and no surprises
little wit
no surprises
Decent but dull .
The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
or , worse yet , nonexistent --
, worse yet , nonexistent --
worse yet
Go back to sleep .
-LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
-LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy
painfully flat gross-out comedy
painfully flat
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
Bean drops the ball too many times ...
Bean drops the ball too many times
drops the ball too many times
drops the ball
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
make up for an unfocused screenplay
for an unfocused screenplay
unfocused screenplay
Grating and tedious .
Grating and tedious
Utter mush ... conceited pap .
Utter mush ... conceited pap
Utter mush ...
Utter mush
mush
conceited pap
conceited
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar
glaring
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
, I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
that no wise men will be following after it
This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
instantly forgettable and
instantly forgettable
thoroughly dull
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
mind-destroying cinematic pollution
mind-destroying
cinematic pollution
pollution
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end
This overlong infomercial ,
This overlong infomercial
overlong infomercial
out on video before month 's end
video before month 's end
is tepid and tedious .
is tepid and tedious
tepid and tedious
tepid and
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure ,
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure
is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure
is lightweight filmmaking ,
is lightweight filmmaking
lightweight filmmaking
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
The film is way too full of itself ;
The film is way too full of itself
way too full of itself
way too full
too full
it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
's stuffy and pretentious
stuffy and pretentious
stuffy and
While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
, Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey
The characters never change .
An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
admitted egomaniac
yet this grating showcase
almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic
Witless ,
pointless , tasteless and idiotic
, tasteless and idiotic
tasteless and
Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film
Hardly a nuanced portrait
a young woman 's breakdown
breakdown
run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
run-of-the-filth
its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end
any of the signposts , as if
any of the signposts
to the bitter end
bitter end
without a map
puerile men dominate the story
puerile men
Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
dumb drug jokes and
dumb drug jokes
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single
A sleep-inducing thriller
sleep-inducing thriller
sleep-inducing
everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away
can see coming a mile away
see coming a mile away
, it still feels somewhat unfinished .
it still feels somewhat unfinished .
still feels somewhat unfinished .
feels somewhat unfinished .
feels somewhat unfinished
somewhat unfinished
unfinished
What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
has n't graduated from junior high school
While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
the film 's mid-to-low budget
mid-to-low budget
is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
surprisingly shoddy makeup work
surprisingly shoddy
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
than to rush to the theatre for this one
an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject --
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy ,
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy
otherwise appalling , and
otherwise appalling
's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
the business of the greedy talent agents
the greedy talent agents
greedy talent agents
greedy
get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
, with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
a hands-off approach
when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
gone a tad less for grit and a lot more
Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
the horror
the absurdity
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin ,
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
clumsy and rushed
clumsy and
Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
mind crappy movies as much as adults ,
mind crappy movies as much as adults
mind crappy movies as much
mind crappy movies
crappy movies
crappy
's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag
deep-sixed by a compulsion
catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag
catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and
every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something
every bodily fluids gag
bodily fluids gag
a parallel clone-gag
parallel clone-gag
clone-gag
It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters
virtually impossible
to like any of these despicable characters
like any of these despicable characters
any of these despicable characters
of these despicable characters
despicable characters
despicable
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess
`` Abandon ''
Abandon ''
its delivery is a complete mess
is a complete mess
a complete mess
complete mess
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
is a whole lot of nada .
is a whole lot of nada
a whole lot of nada
've got seven days left to live .
've got seven days left to live
seven days left to live
The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
is grisly .
grisly
Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
Lost Dreams
adult movies
are lacking
of emotional desperation
emotional buttons
A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character ,
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character
an unsettling sight , and
an unsettling sight ,
an unsettling sight
out-of-kilter character
out-of-kilter
who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
rambles aimlessly
rambles
aimlessly
through ill-conceived action pieces
ill-conceived action pieces
Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
lazy tearjerker
that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
is tragically
tragically
-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture
exploitation picture
For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
, you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen
vain for a movie
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
used my two hours better watching
my two hours better watching
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity
is one only a true believer could relish .
fu
big bloody stew
Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
, Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
the worst -- and only -- killer website movie
worst -- and only -- killer website movie
worst -- and only --
eccentric , accident-prone characters
accident-prone
, the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make
does not a movie make
not a movie make
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
the Canadian 's inane ramblings
inane ramblings
, Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
does n't need Gangs of New York
This slow-moving Swedish film
slow-moving Swedish film
slow-moving
offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
he defecates in bed
defecates
a cold , calculated exercise
cold , calculated exercise
life , hand gestures , and
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
be low , very low , very very low ,
low , very low , very very low
low , very low , very
low , very low ,
low , very low
, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
contains no wit , only labored gags .
contains no wit , only labored gags
no wit , only labored gags
no wit , only
no wit ,
no wit
labored gags
Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining
that he forgets to make it entertaining
he forgets to make it entertaining
forgets to make it entertaining
will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
Stuart 's poor-me persona
poor-me persona
poor-me
cynicism to cut through the sugar coating
to cut through the sugar coating
through the sugar coating
If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
'll need a stronger stomach than us
need a stronger stomach than us
Gedeck ,
A selection of scenes in search of a movie .
A selection of scenes in search of a movie
even though I could not stand them
though I could not stand them
I could not stand them
could not stand them
One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
One big blustery movie
blustery movie
blustery
where nothing really happens .
where nothing really happens
nothing really happens
resorting to camp
deafening
quieter domestic scenes
receiving War Department telegrams
excuse to eat popcorn
More trifle than triumph .
More trifle than triumph
This u-boat does n't have a captain .
You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends
no new friends
dysfunction
like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
slathered on crackers and
served as a feast of bleakness
as a feast of bleakness
I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about
feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .
feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs
conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs
The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
the annoyance of that chatty fish
the annoyance
annoyance
chatty fish
Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action
that there 's really not much of a sense of action
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff ,
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff
are all direct-to-video stuff
direct-to-video stuff
that 's where this film should have remained
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking ,
not be a breakthrough in filmmaking
before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
Armageddon
As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
As a director , Eastwood is off his game --
As a director , Eastwood is off his game
, Eastwood is off his game
Eastwood is off his game
is off his game
off his game
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
there 's no real sense of suspense , and
there 's no real sense of suspense ,
there 's no real sense of suspense
's no real sense of suspense
no real sense of suspense
no real sense
none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
none of the plot ` surprises '
Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .
is too long with too little going on .
is too long with too little going on
is too long with too little
too long with too little
with too little
clashing cultures and
a clashing mother\/daughter relationship
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
It 's loud and boring ;
It 's loud and boring
's loud and boring
loud and boring
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
like being trapped at a bad rock concert
being trapped at a bad rock concert
trapped at a bad rock concert
at a bad rock concert
a bad rock concert
bad rock concert
A chiller resolutely without chills .
without chills
We just do n't really care too much about this love story .
just do n't really care too much about this love story .
do n't really care too much about this love story .
do n't really care too much about this love story
The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .
was vile enough .
was vile enough
vile enough
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain
begin to long for the end credits
to long for the end credits
long for the end credits
long for the end
desert
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
contains very few laughs and even less surprises
very few laughs and even less surprises
even less surprises
neurasthenic
Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film
this underdramatized but overstated film
underdramatized but overstated
underdramatized
overstated
is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .
is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
a therapy session
brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
humdrum
by some Freudian puppet
Freudian puppet
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life
is a rather toothless take on a hard young life
a rather toothless take
rather toothless take
rather toothless
A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
A tired , predictable
tired , predictable
tired ,
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
waste of time , money and celluloid
of time , money and celluloid
, colour and cringe
cringe
some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more
tense arguing
... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
of the tortured and self-conscious material
the tortured and self-conscious material
tortured and self-conscious material
tortured and
make it sting
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is
it 's also simple-minded and contrived
's also simple-minded and contrived
simple-minded and contrived
simple-minded and
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
aimless , arduous , and
aimless , arduous ,
aimless , arduous
aimless ,
Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .
Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation
The talk-heavy film
plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .
one of Robert Altman 's lesser works
of Robert Altman 's lesser works
Robert Altman 's lesser works
A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
A preposterous , prurient whodunit
preposterous , prurient whodunit
preposterous , prurient
-LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting
victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and
victim to sloppy plotting ,
victim to sloppy plotting
to sloppy plotting
sloppy plotting
an insultingly unbelievable final act
insultingly unbelievable final act
insultingly unbelievable
who is too crazy to be interesting
is too crazy to be interesting
too crazy
May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going
take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going
if you have the patience for it
you have the patience for it
have the patience for it
feel like it 's wasted yours
like it 's wasted yours
it 's wasted yours
the paranoid claustrophobia
paranoid
after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
Dreary tale of middle-class angst
Dreary tale
walks with a slow , deliberate gait
a slow , deliberate gait
slow , deliberate gait
subdues his natural exuberance
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
Unfunny comedy
with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
static set ups , not much camera movement ,
static set ups , not much camera movement
static set ups ,
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters
indoors in formal settings with motionless characters
in formal settings with motionless characters
formal settings with motionless characters
with motionless characters
motionless characters
you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach
scrutinize
's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life
played by an actress who smiles and frowns
-LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
a collision
tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
tawdry B-movie flamboyance
provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
The warnings
are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean
are blunt and
Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
better films
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
Staggers between flaccid satire and what
flaccid satire and what
flaccid satire
is supposed to be madcap farce .
be madcap farce
In a summer of clones
preachy and
II experience
I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
empty , fetishistic violence
, fetishistic violence
fetishistic violence
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
is a lot more bluster than bite .
is a lot more bluster than bite
a lot more bluster than bite
more bluster
` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period
Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period
brief pretentious period
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge
A glossy knock-off
glossy knock-off
knock-off
a B-movie revenge
between these two marginal characters
marginal characters
Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots
bland hotels , highways , parking lots
bland hotels
, with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
a discreet moan
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
The problem with all of this
: It 's not really funny .
It 's not really funny .
It 's not really funny
's not really funny
moustache
Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
which gives you an idea just how bad it was
gives you an idea just how bad it was
just how bad it was
just how bad
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
The most horrific movie experience
most horrific movie experience
most horrific
horrific
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't -
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
another self-consciously overwritten story
self-consciously overwritten story
about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
rag-tag bunch
of would-be characters
would-be characters
miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong
to have it all go wrong
have it all go wrong
it all go wrong
all go wrong
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times --
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times
was reportedly rewritten a dozen times
either 11 times too many or else too few
either 11 times too many or else
11 times too many
too few
Not the Great American Comedy
be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption
corruption
spooks
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita ''
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' ,
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' ,
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal ''
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' ,
Indecent
stolid remake
is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling
is full of unhappy ,
is full of unhappy
full of unhappy
of unhappy
two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling
two-dimensional characters
are anything but compelling
anything but compelling
It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
It does n't make for great cinema ,
It does n't make for great cinema
does n't make for great cinema
depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
depends largely on your appetite for canned corn
your appetite for canned corn
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition
whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
no explanation or even plot relevance
no explanation or even
no explanation
Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
is really , really stupid .
is really , really stupid
really , really stupid
, really stupid
really stupid
somewhat less than it might have been
somewhat less
it might have been
All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn
Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only
come with the warning ``
come with the warning
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore
all the stomach-turning violence
the stomach-turning violence
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about
takes a really long , slow and dreary time
a really long , slow and dreary time
really long , slow and dreary time
long , slow and dreary
, slow and dreary
slow and dreary
slow and
Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
cold-hearted curmudgeon
cold-hearted
not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
a mindless action movie
mindless action movie
, but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
, but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
the peak of all things insipid
all things insipid
things insipid
Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
Shallow , noisy and pretentious
, noisy and pretentious
noisy and pretentious
noisy and
noisy
Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and
a heavy-handed indictment
of parental failings
indifference
towards child abuse
child abuse
Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
inadvertent ones
inadvertent
stunningly trite
the world 's most generic rock star
most generic
How inept is Serving Sara ?
Too much power , not enough puff .
Too much power , not enough puff
yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
of quiet desperation
As pedestrian as they come .
trimmed
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid
visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid
visually flashy but narratively opaque and
emotionally vapid
too-extreme-for-TV
the notorious MTV show
sickening , sidesplitting
steaming , visceral heaps
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie ,
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
I last walked out on a movie
last walked out on a movie
walked out on a movie
walked out
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
earned my indignant , preemptive departure
my indignant , preemptive departure
indignant
bad choice
, assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater
It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
clotted
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and
dime-store psychology
endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
make 105 minutes seem twice as long
seem twice as long
there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours
's not enough to the story to fill two hours
Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
nothing I had n't already seen .
of the ugly American
the too-frosty exterior
too-frosty exterior
too-frosty
Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona
is another liability
liability
The performances of the children , untrained in acting
untrained in acting
that breaks your heart
they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober ,
filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
After an uncertain start
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
saw how bad this movie was
how bad this movie was
, I would go back and choose to skip it .
I would go back and choose to skip it .
would go back and choose to skip it .
would go back and choose to skip it
go back and choose to skip it
choose to skip it
to skip it
skip it
it caved in
Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs
bounces around with limp wrists
The film is all over the place , really .
is all over the place , really .
is all over the place , really
is all over the place
to be greedy
be greedy
bastards ,
every painful nuance ,
painful nuance
The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing
unrelentingly grim -- and
unrelentingly grim --
unrelentingly grim
The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically
The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway
after that , the potency wanes dramatically
, the potency wanes dramatically
the potency wanes dramatically
wanes dramatically
A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
of self-congratulation between actor and director
leaves scant place for the viewer
scant place for the viewer
scant place
scant
... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes
a choke leash
choke
In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
, director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of
dumped a whole lot of plot
dumped
Bad and baffling from the get-go .
Bad and baffling from the get-go
Bad and baffling
Bad and
A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
loud , bang-the-drum
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
without your pulse ever racing
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s
An inept , tedious spoof
inept , tedious
, tedious
, it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and
enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch
ca n't go home again
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny ,
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
surprisingly uninvolving
uninvolving
The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and
The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood ,
has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood
a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
's relentlessly folksy
relentlessly folksy
of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
, I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
why anyone should bother remembering it
It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up
It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength --
supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
but it never quite adds up
it never quite adds up
never quite adds up
be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film
is high on squaddie banter , low
is high on squaddie banter ,
is high on squaddie banter
, Sia lacks visual flair .
Sia lacks visual flair .
lacks visual flair .
lacks visual flair
overstating
`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
shapeless inconsequential move
inconsequential move
relying on the viewer to do most of the work
's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
's fitfully funny but never really takes off
against governmental odds
Um , no.
The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
a negligible work
negligible work
negligible
of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
manipulation ,
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
exploitation piece
doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
its usual worst
usual worst
to guilt-trip parents
guilt-trip
Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
sentimentalized
most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
in such a potentially sudsy set-up
a potentially sudsy set-up
Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King
It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
listen to extremist name-calling ,
listen to extremist name-calling
to extremist name-calling
name-calling
whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
a calculating fiend or
a calculating fiend
fiend
slippery self-promoter
terrible events
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects
of last summer 's bloated effects
last summer 's bloated effects
bloated effects
bloated
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other
Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
look ill at ease sharing the same scene
ill at ease sharing the same scene
I ca n't recommend it .
ca n't recommend it .
its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
just how much more grueling and time-consuming
more grueling and time-consuming
more grueling and
grueling
time-consuming
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
trenchant satirical jabs
jabs
egocentricities
Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery
bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery
, mournfully brittle delivery
mournfully brittle delivery
mournfully
-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even
-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional ,
-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional
voice is rather unexceptional
is rather unexceptional
rather unexceptional
irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- ,
irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB-
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
awfully hard
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
tartly
it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
showing off
The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners
their lack of chemistry
their lack
old , familiar
Disjointed parody .
What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ,
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is meaningless , vapid and devoid
meaningless , vapid and devoid
, vapid and devoid
vapid and
in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid
's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
has taken away your car , your work-hours and
has taken away your car , your work-hours
taken away your car , your work-hours
The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling
The plot has a number of holes , and
The plot has a number of holes ,
The plot has a number of holes
has a number of holes
a number of holes
at times it 's simply baffling
it 's simply baffling
should strike a nerve in many
already mentioned
ditsy
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
mob
It gets old quickly .
gets old quickly .
gets old quickly
gets old
A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
would have likely wound up a TNT Original
may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium ,
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB-
Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry
to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
the empty stud knockabout
empty stud knockabout
what once was conviction is now affectation
two-dimensional offerings
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
, One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
lives down to its title .
Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
an unsympathetic hero
unsympathetic hero
that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
, can not overcome blah characters
can not overcome blah characters
blah characters
blah
gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it
a good performance in a film that does n't merit it
in a film that does n't merit it
a film that does n't merit it
that does n't merit it
does n't merit it
in Trouble Every Day
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
The pacing is often way off and
The pacing is often way off
is often way off
way off
there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
many bona fide groaners
bona fide groaners
groaners
too few laughs
comedic agony
agony
of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
can no longer
In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
too ludicrous and borderline insulting
too ludicrous and
too ludicrous
borderline insulting
might to resist
The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
The result , however well-intentioned ,
is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
disposable , kitchen-sink homage
kitchen-sink homage
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
is so often less
does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection
of imperfection
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
An incoherent jumble
incoherent jumble
of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
is n't as weird as it ought to be .
is n't as weird as it ought to be
Something must have been lost in the translation .
must have been lost in the translation .
must have been lost in the translation
have been lost in the translation
been lost in the translation
lost in the translation
Degenerates into hogwash .
Degenerates into hogwash
Degenerates
into hogwash
hogwash
It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
's a shame
the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
seem so impersonal or even shallow
so impersonal or even shallow
so impersonal or
so impersonal
impersonal
even shallow
we often reel in when we should be playing out
reel in when we should be playing out
There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
uses its pulpy core conceit
its pulpy core conceit
pulpy core conceit
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror
a cheap , ludicrous attempt
cheap , ludicrous attempt
ludicrous attempt
I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
so insanely stupid , so awful
so insanely stupid ,
so insanely stupid
insanely stupid
so awful
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
just ca n't take it any more
an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke
, you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
that allowed it to get made
frustrating yet
think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
think it 's a tougher picture than it is
low-life tragedy
low-life
What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
What is sorely missing
is sorely missing
wild , lunatic invention
Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
are too immature and unappealing to care about .
are too immature and unappealing to care about
too immature and unappealing to care about
immature and unappealing to care about
immature and unappealing
immature and
unappealing
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York
a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York
A well-crafted letdown .
well-crafted letdown .
unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
Ace Ventura ' rip-off
' rip-off
that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
A negligible British comedy .
negligible British comedy .
Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
Do n't even bother to rent this on video
even bother to rent this on video
bother to rent this on video
movie audiences both innocent and jaded
decidedly mixed bag
This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
running on empty ,
running on empty
repeating what he 's already done way too often
what he 's already done way too often
he 's already done way too often
's already done way too often
done way too often
I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
more elves and snow and
Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and
do well to cram earplugs in their ears
do well to cram earplugs
well to cram earplugs
to cram earplugs
cram earplugs
put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
top-heavy
with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts
cheatfully
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects
jagged camera moves
that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
serve no other purpose
no other purpose
Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
, earnest and -- sadly -- dull
and -- sadly -- dull
-- sadly -- dull
-- sadly --
sadly --
Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
Analyze This , not
De Niro 's right-hand goombah
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
a speedy swan dive
before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
landing squarely on `` stupid ''
on `` stupid ''
on `` stupid
of hell so shattering it
's impossible to shake .
The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .
is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .
is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action
is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short
narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short
and -LRB- too -RRB- short
is only intermittently entertaining
not to be a sucker for its charms
a sucker
just impossible
Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad ,
that is , more often then not , difficult and sad
not , difficult and sad
, difficult and sad
difficult and
his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
showboating wise-cracker stock persona
stock persona
sure is getting old .
is getting old .
is getting old
The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
a great movie it is not
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character --
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character
nary a glimmer of self-knowledge
-RRB- becomes more specimen than character
becomes more specimen than character
remains a chilly , clinical lab report
chilly , clinical lab report
Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
that were once amusing
were once amusing
once amusing
are becoming irritating .
are becoming irritating
becoming irritating
provides an invaluable service
They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
afraid of the bad reviews
of the bad reviews
the bad reviews
bad reviews
that perverse element
, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
robbed and replaced
robbed
It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
's not only dull
only dull
because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death ,
Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death
do the genial-rogue shtick to death
genial-rogue shtick
to death
because the plot is equally hackneyed
is equally hackneyed
there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface
's just not much lurking below its abstract surface
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
a kingdom more mild than wild
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire
An exhausting family drama
exhausting family drama
Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre
does n't transcend genre
takes big bloody chomps out of it
takes big bloody chomps out
takes big bloody chomps
big bloody chomps
This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
the hype
Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
, they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
the slow , lingering death of imagination
lingering death
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
Paramount imprint
, it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
's a bargain-basement European pickup .
's a bargain-basement European pickup
a bargain-basement European pickup
bargain-basement European pickup
bargain-basement
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
bad mannered
, ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
ugly and destructive
destructive
jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder
betrayal , forgiveness and murder
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King ,
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
a predictable , maudlin story
predictable , maudlin story
lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies
The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
The most offensive thing about the movie
most offensive thing
most offensive
is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it
Hollywood expects people to pay to see it
expects people to pay to see it
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
queasy-stomached
who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
staggered from the theater
blacked out in the lobby
blacked out
this is that sort of thing all over again .
is that sort of thing all over again
Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
my least favourite emotions ,
least favourite emotions
least favourite
especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
have to put up with 146 minutes of it
to put up with 146 minutes of it
put up with 146 minutes of it
The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ...
The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
hidden-agenda drama
not always a narratively cohesive one .
Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula
sucked dry the undead action flick formula
dry the undead action flick formula
, Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
effects that are more silly than scary
that are more silly than scary
are more silly than scary
more silly than scary
That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB-
has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
dampened through familiarity ,
dampened through
a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism
Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
... it feels like a glossy rehash .
it feels like a glossy rehash .
feels like a glossy rehash .
feels like a glossy rehash
a glossy rehash
glossy rehash
, you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance
that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB-
that cold-hearted snake Petrovich
cold-hearted snake Petrovich
garde
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
gets harder and harder to understand her choices
A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
does n't quite get there
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise
Talky , artificial and opaque
, artificial and opaque
artificial and opaque
but a tedious picture
a tedious picture
Meandering and confusing .
Meandering and confusing
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
is light , innocuous and unremarkable
light , innocuous and unremarkable
, innocuous and unremarkable
innocuous and unremarkable
neorealism 's
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
, My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
so many flaws
many flaws
it would be easy for critics to shred it
would be easy for critics to shred it
be easy for critics to shred it
At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer
At 90 minutes this movie is short
it feels much longer
is an impossible task
impossible task
If only it were , well , funnier .
hell , I dunno
turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter --
Beware the quirky Brit-com .
But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
tiresome ugliness
, it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
rendered tedious
by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
disguise the fact
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
that it 's inauthentic at its core
it 's inauthentic at its core
inauthentic at its core
that its story just is n't worth telling
its story just is n't worth telling
just is n't worth telling
is n't worth telling
Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
Suspend your disbelief here and now ,
you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits
be shaking your head all the way to the credits
shaking your head all the way to the credits
shaking your head
fails to entertain
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
more like a travel-agency video
like a travel-agency video
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .
suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis
from a severe case of Hollywood-itis
a severe case of Hollywood-itis
not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
human impulses that grew hideously twisted
that grew hideously twisted
grew hideously twisted
hideously twisted
hideously
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
this broken character study
broken character study
, the journey does n't really go anywhere .
the journey does n't really go anywhere .
does n't really go anywhere .
does n't really go anywhere
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered ,
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year
one of the biggest disappointments of the year
of the biggest disappointments of the year
the biggest disappointments of the year
the biggest disappointments
biggest disappointments
it is entertaining on an inferior level .
is entertaining on an inferior level
entertaining on an inferior level
on an inferior level
an inferior level
inferior level
inferior
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately ,
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately
's sincere to a fault , but ,
not very compelling or much fun
has generic virtues ,
A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ?
will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
Stripped almost entirely
of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
as nudity , profanity and violence
nudity , profanity and violence
profanity and violence
few points
problematic quest
hates
the victims
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
, Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
much like a fragment of an underdone potato
like a fragment of an underdone potato
a fragment of an underdone potato
of an underdone potato
an underdone potato
underdone potato
underdone
its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic ,
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic
, it 's no classic
it 's no classic
's no classic
Self-congratulatory
misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable
misguided , and ill-informed , if
misguided , and ill-informed ,
misguided , and
ill-informed
An infuriating film .
infuriating film .
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending ,
rigor
to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
to Jimmy 's relentless anger
anger
, and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
the script 's refusal of a happy ending
the script 's refusal
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
as those monologues stretch on and on
those monologues stretch on and on
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
there 's no place for this story to go but down
's no place for this story to go but down
no place for this story to go but down
for this story to go but down
this story to go but down
go but down
Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
does n't trust laughs
does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
the whole dead-undead genre
dead-undead genre
who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
shrieky special effects
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen ,
gets clunky on the screen
clunky on the screen
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
torn away
a less-compelling soap opera
less-compelling
To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
, a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
is more of an ordeal than an amusement
more of an ordeal than an amusement
of an ordeal than an amusement
an ordeal than an amusement
an ordeal
enough flourishes and freak-outs
their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
could have -- should have -- been allowed
could have -- should have
They just do n't work in concert .
just do n't work in concert .
do n't work in concert .
do n't work in concert
the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man
the saccharine sentimentality
saccharine sentimentality
altogether darker side
It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
, let alone funny
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing
Terminally bland , painfully slow and
Terminally bland , painfully slow
Terminally bland
needlessly confusing
... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable
The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film
shot on digital videotape rather than film
The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
blatant derivativeness
derivativeness
is one reason it 's so lackluster .
one reason it 's so lackluster
it 's so lackluster
so lackluster
hit that may strain adult credibility .
hit that may strain adult credibility
may strain adult credibility
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige
great shame
has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
so poorly plotted and scripted .
so poorly
Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting
the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting
themselves are n't all that interesting
are n't all that interesting
No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas
obscure this movie 's lack of ideas
this movie 's lack of ideas
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin
is n't quite out of ripe
screwball ideas
Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin
spreads them pretty thin
fairly disposable yet
fairly disposable
personal tragedy and
personal tragedy
Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
's really wrong with this ricture !
's really wrong with this ricture
really wrong with this ricture
wrong with this ricture
While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film
be the worst National Lampoon film
the worst National Lampoon film
worst National Lampoon film
, it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
far from being this generation 's Animal House
It 's not particularly well made , but
It 's not particularly well made
's not particularly well made
cringing
the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
the knee-jerk misogyny
knee-jerk misogyny
misogyny
... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression
too predictable
The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable
, incoherent , instantly disposable
incoherent , instantly disposable
, instantly disposable
instantly disposable
of hackery
hackery
genial is the conceit ,
The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy
The following things are not at all entertaining :
The following things are not at all entertaining
are not at all entertaining
The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy
The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all ,
The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all
The bad sound ,
The bad sound
bad sound
the lack of climax and , worst of all
climax and , worst of all
of movie fluff
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
The obnoxious special effects ,
The obnoxious special effects
obnoxious special effects
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and
the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music
incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music
so-five-minutes-ago pop music
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
scruffy , dopey old
, dopey old
dopey old
is so thoughtlessly assembled .
is so thoughtlessly assembled
thoughtlessly assembled
thoughtlessly
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
cheap manipulation or corny conventions
manipulation or corny conventions
corny conventions
to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
bringing a barf bag
a barf bag
barf
... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
does n't have a passion for the material .
does n't have a passion for the material
The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
The hackneyed story
hackneyed story
her bully of a husband
bully
is simply too overdone .
is simply too overdone
too overdone
overdone
All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels
that fails on so many levels
fails on so many levels
, it should pay reparations to viewers .
it should pay reparations to viewers .
should pay reparations to viewers .
should pay reparations to viewers
pay reparations to viewers
Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
a creaky `` Pretty Woman ''
retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and
schmaltz
that gives pic its title an afterthought
is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
off-handed
find adolescence difficult to wade through
adolescence difficult to wade through
difficult to wade through
to wade through
wade through
ominous mood and tension
if the suspense never rises to a higher level
the suspense never rises to a higher level
never rises to a higher level
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing
from its sleazy moralizing
its sleazy moralizing
sleazy moralizing
sleazy
by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
, overmanipulative Hollywood practices
overmanipulative Hollywood practices
overmanipulative
, the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
soul-stripping breakdown
soul-stripping
A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
A zombie movie in every sense
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
, meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
, loud , painful , obnoxious
, painful , obnoxious
painful , obnoxious
, obnoxious
the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
the more hackneyed elements of the film
more hackneyed elements
more hackneyed
Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
Not good enough
Not good
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
bad enough
repulse
If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
If this is cinema
Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
, it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh
as only occasionally satirical and never fresh
only occasionally satirical and never fresh
never fresh
is less about a superficial midlife crisis
about a superficial midlife crisis
superficial midlife crisis
A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
about nothing
The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop
loads of CGI and bushels of violence
enough to stave off doldrums
to stave off doldrums
doldrums
, Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
self-conscious debut
is also eminently forgettable .
eminently forgettable
Originality is sorely lacking .
is sorely lacking .
is sorely lacking
Lazy , miserable and smug .
Lazy , miserable and smug
Lazy ,
miserable and smug
miserable and
miserable
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
succumbs to gravity and plummets
to gravity and plummets
plummets
nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy
aggressively silly
others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or
dumb gags , anatomical humor ,
dumb gags , anatomical humor
dumb gags ,
dumb gags
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
amateurish , quasi-improvised
shot on ugly digital video .
shot on ugly digital video
on ugly digital video
ugly digital video
seen this before
guts and
stalking
men with guns
It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after
's only in fairy tales
are married for political reason
After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
, it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas ,
it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas
be in video stores by Christmas
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two
listless sci-fi comedy
listless sci-fi
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect
to no particularly memorable effect
no particularly memorable effect
It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
so badly made on every level
badly made on every level
that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
believing people were paid to make it
Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
Sewer rats
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
skeeved
'd need a shower
as if by cattle prod
, an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but
It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile ,
a setup so easy it borders on facile
it borders on facile
from cheap-shot mediocrity
cheap-shot mediocrity
cheap-shot
If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
desperation worthy
continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek
without any more substance ...
but could have and should have been deeper .
but could have and should have been deeper
could have and should have been deeper
should have been deeper
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
A grand fart
grand fart
fart
coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but
all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
all the bouncing
back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious --
back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious
a bit tedious
varmints
to distract you from the ricocheting
distract you from the ricocheting
distract you
Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive
a medium-grade network sitcom --
medium-grade network sitcom
, fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
blow it off the screen
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
still show virtually no understanding of it
virtually no understanding of it
virtually no understanding
showdown
a bad day
bad day
I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing
it slow , predictable and not very amusing
slow , predictable and not very amusing
slow , predictable and
slow , predictable
not very amusing
argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
you have to check your brain at the door
have to check your brain at the door
to check your brain at the door
check your brain at the door
check your brain
fails to keep it up and
is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
a grating , mannered onscreen presence ,
grating , mannered onscreen presence
which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
the attempt to complicate the story
only defies credibility
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license
're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license
're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 ,
, you should be able to find better entertainment .
you should be able to find better entertainment .
should be able to find better entertainment
be able to find better entertainment
to find better entertainment
The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB-
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles :
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles
reflects the worst of their shallow styles
the worst of their shallow styles
their shallow styles
shallow styles
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step
wildly overproduced ,
wildly overproduced
inadequately motivated
inadequately
every one -LRB- and no one -RRB-
look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
was n't one of the film 's virtues .
was n't one of the film 's virtues
plaintiveness
could make you weep
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising ,
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired ,
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired
is uninspired
his scripting unsurprising
We do n't even like their characters .
do n't even like their characters .
do n't even like their characters
It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
standoffish to everyone else
, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
smugly
suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
full of cheesy dialogue ,
full of cheesy dialogue
of cheesy dialogue
cheesy dialogue
It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction
by labored writing and slack direction
labored writing and slack direction
writing and slack direction
and slack direction
Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
Comes off as a long
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
laborious
whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
of a paranoid and unlikable man
paranoid and unlikable
growing old
with tension
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
own fear and paranoia
fear and paranoia
of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
a particularly nightmarish fairytale
particularly nightmarish
nightmarish
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets
mean things
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but
may be convinced that he has something significant to say
he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
The obligatory break-ups and
do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters
Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
have been called ` Under Siege 3
In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
a cinematic corpse
cinematic corpse
corpse
that never springs to life
never springs to life
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
of a cesspool
a cesspool
cesspool
What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
What 's worse
's worse
Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
Told in scattered fashion
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore ,
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore
which is mostly a bore
is mostly a bore
a bore
seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece
exist only for its climactic setpiece
, except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character
for the annoying demeanour of its lead character
the annoying demeanour of its lead character
the annoying demeanour
annoying demeanour
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
mushy , existential exploration
leave their families
a film that comes along every day .
Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
none of which ever seem to hit
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud
faint of heart or conservative of spirit
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
One-sided documentary
that do n't really care for the candidate
do n't really care for the candidate
forced to follow
that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
Brisk hack job .
Brisk hack job
Brisk hack
- A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
both overstuffed and undernourished ...
both overstuffed and undernourished
overstuffed and undernourished
overstuffed and
overstuffed
The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
Clooney might have better luck next time
have better luck next time
better luck
has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
adolescent dirty-joke book
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
This 90-minute dud
90-minute dud
But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
find little of interest
in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
which is often preachy and poorly acted
is often preachy and poorly acted
is often preachy and
is often preachy
With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
miscast leads , banal dialogue and
miscast leads , banal dialogue
miscast leads ,
miscast leads
an absurdly overblown climax
absurdly overblown climax
overblown climax
the so-bad-it 's
so-bad-it 's
so-bad-it
eccentrics
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
a lack of clarity and audacity
a lack
that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
subject as monstrous
as monstrous
pathetic as Dahmer
as Dahmer
It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition
a surprisingly juvenile lark ,
surprisingly juvenile
wear thin with repetition
It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat
change watching such a character ,
rendered in as flat
in as flat
impassive a manner
While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
of these tragic deaths
tragic deaths
at a failure of our justice system
When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
the battle
it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
The sentimental cliches
sentimental cliches
just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
too much on its plate
to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
at this nonsensical story
this nonsensical story
nonsensical story
represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
overall flaw
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
to leave this loser
leave this loser
this loser
loser
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
low-rent -- and even lower-wit --
low-rent -- and even lower-wit
low-rent --
even lower-wit
lower-wit
gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
too mushy
Burning
-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression
-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt
strenuous
could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie
clinch him this year 's Razzie
him this year 's Razzie
this year 's Razzie
-LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment .
-LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment
crushing disappointment
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure ,
Like the excruciating End of Days
the excruciating End of Days
the excruciating End
excruciating End
, Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure
as a tragic figure
sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye
bug-eye theatre and dead-eye
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting
burning , blasting , stabbing
hide a weak script
Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?
being gullible
blind to the silliness
hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
All too familiar ...
basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
a cinematic car wreck ,
cinematic car wreck
car wreck
wreck
a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall
a catastrophic collision
catastrophic collision
of tastelessness and gall
tastelessness and gall
tastelessness and
Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
ca n't rescue this effort .
ca n't rescue this effort
the Holocaust
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
The dialogue is cumbersome ,
The dialogue is cumbersome
is cumbersome
cumbersome
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
the simpering soundtrack and editing
the simpering soundtrack
simpering soundtrack
The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you
genial but never inspired , and little
never inspired
unknowable
It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
combined with the misconceived final 5
misconceived final 5
misconceived final
misconceived
Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
As dumb and cheesy
dumb and cheesy
dumb and
as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
, the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
that 's hardly any fun to watch
's hardly any fun to watch
begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
vaporize from your memory minutes
A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
, the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic
the writing is indifferent , and
the writing is indifferent ,
the writing is indifferent
indifferent
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
To call this film a lump of coal
call this film a lump of coal
Wishy-washy .
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat
Hypnotically dull ,
Hypnotically dull
relentlessly downbeat
, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
depressed fifteen-year-old 's
depressed
suicidal
Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half .
made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half
the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half
near-fatal mistake
what the English call ` too clever by half
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
is never quite able
to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
its ludicrous and contrived plot
ludicrous and contrived plot
ludicrous and contrived
ludicrous and
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal
The script has less spice than a rat burger and
The script has less spice than a rat burger
has less spice than a rat burger
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and
raises serious questions
the death penalty
death penalty
what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
allows nothing
to get in the way
get in the way
I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes
felt trapped and with no obvious escape
trapped and
with no obvious escape
no obvious escape
The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
sinks into by-the-numbers territory
into by-the-numbers territory
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
a shaky , uncertain film
shaky , uncertain film
shaky
, uncertain film
cranky adults
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
Lacks the inspiration of the original and
Lacks the inspiration of the original
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
a bloated plot
bloated plot
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but
ends so horrendously confusing
so horrendously confusing
horrendously confusing
has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or
that the movie has no idea of it is serious
the movie has no idea of it is serious
has no idea of it is serious
no idea of it is serious
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness ,
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness
's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness
weirdness for the sake of weirdness
where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
where Human Nature should be ingratiating
Human Nature should be ingratiating
, it 's just grating
it 's just grating
's just grating
like a documentary in the way
Thoroughly awful .
Thoroughly awful
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts
, Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
remains a silent , lumpish cipher
a silent , lumpish cipher
silent , lumpish cipher
, lumpish cipher
his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
nothing about who he is or who he was before
feeling embarrassed
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid -
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid
Another useless recycling
of a brutal mid
brutal mid
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters
a heretofore unfathomable question
unfathomable
negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or
the many inconsistencies
many inconsistencies
Janice 's behavior
was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
amoral assassin
amoral
to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
lip-reading
Does n't add up to much .
Does n't add up to much
Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
, someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
, stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film
similar obsessions can dominate a family
dominate a family
too many films
the goo
And in a sense , that 's a liability .
in a sense , that 's a liability .
, that 's a liability .
that 's a liability .
's a liability
a liability
Both heartbreaking
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle ,
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle
artless sytle
artless
'll see a better thriller this year
see a better thriller this year
see a better thriller
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like ,
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
too neat and new pin-like
too obviously
The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
run out of clever ideas and visual gags
visual gags
It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly
's just plain lurid
plain lurid
is n't downright silly
downright silly
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
should serve detention
detention
obvious or self-indulgent
long ,
I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
Thumbs Friggin ' Down
It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking
turn away from one another instead of talking
turn away from one
silences
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept
feature-length stretch
The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
that they are actually releasing it into theaters
are actually releasing it into theaters
A mess .
A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness
A dopey movie
dopey movie
clothed in excess layers of hipness
in excess layers of hipness
excess layers of hipness
excess layers
what punk
could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured
most frantic , virulent and foul-natured
frantic , virulent and foul-natured
, virulent and foul-natured
virulent and foul-natured
foul-natured
's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp
not as sharp
Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence
low-brow humor ,
low-brow humor
low-brow
a disturbing disregard
disturbing disregard
It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring
should be poignant
it turns out to be affected and boring
turns out to be affected and boring
to be affected and boring
affected and boring
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original
the usual cliches
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
could n't come up with a better script .
come up with a better script
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
take an entirely stale concept and
an entirely stale concept
entirely stale concept
entirely stale
push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
through the audience 's meat grinder one more
I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
believe that Resident Evil is not it .
believe that Resident Evil is not it
that Resident Evil is not it
Resident Evil is not it
is not it
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited
it 's not very well shot or composed or edited
's not very well shot or composed or edited
composed or edited
, the score is too insistent
the score is too insistent
is too insistent
too insistent
the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
overwrought and crudely literal
and crudely literal
crudely literal
crudely
A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues '
harps on media-constructed ` issues '
issues '
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB-
the death
wo n't be an -RRB-
Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .
the dry humor
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension ,
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension
little action , almost
little action ,
little action
one-dimensional characters
wazoo and sets
can only be described as sci-fi generic .
can only be described as sci-fi generic
described as sci-fi generic
as sci-fi generic
sci-fi generic
It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less
borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires ,
comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film
art-house gay porn film
gay porn film
The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
The first mistake , I suspect ,
The first mistake
first mistake
casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
a bad sitcom
bad sitcom
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated
that the less charitable might describe as a castrated
the less charitable might describe as a castrated
less charitable
might describe as a castrated
describe as a castrated
as a castrated
castrated
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie
schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins ,
schticky
who seem barely in the same movie
seem barely in the same movie
the climactic burst of violence
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles
've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles
yet another visit
, neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
recent Hollywood trip tripe
trip tripe
tripe
it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
far from a groundbreaking endeavor
who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
complete denial about his obsessive behavior
Hell House ,
cautionary Christian spook-a-rama
Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
a finale that is impenetrable and dull
that is impenetrable and dull
is impenetrable and dull
impenetrable and
I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay
Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
a bad movie , just mediocre
a bad movie ,
We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
letting go at all the wrong moments
go at all the wrong moments
A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
outside the under-10 set
under-10 set
's just plain boring
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
who normally could n't care less
normally could n't care less
could n't care less
care less
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
a peculiar malaise
peculiar malaise
its surprises limp
The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect ,
bodily function jokes
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing
the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing
is n't the least bit mesmerizing
the least bit mesmerizing
You 'll cry for your money back .
'll cry for your money back .
'll cry for your money back
cry for your money back
Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
disintegrates
into a dreary , humorless soap opera
a dreary , humorless soap opera
dreary , humorless soap opera
, humorless soap opera
humorless soap opera
their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
disturbing story
sociopaths
discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
skewed melodrama
make for completely empty entertainment
for completely empty entertainment
completely empty entertainment
completely empty
the authority
underlines even the dullest tangents
the dullest tangents
dullest tangents
While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
to do a little fleeing of its own
do a little fleeing of its own
a little fleeing of its own
that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
it was written for no one
was written for no one
for no one
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through
need of a Cube fix
this is n't worth sitting through
is n't worth sitting through
You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
a sketchy work-in-progress
that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
rushed to the megaplexes
A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
A sour attempt
sour attempt
down-and-dirty
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
too many characters saying too many clever things and
too many characters
too many clever things
getting into too many pointless situations
into too many pointless situations
too many pointless situations
many pointless
is so much plodding sensitivity
be warned
warned
, you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
may feel time has decided to stand still .
feel time has decided to stand still
Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
, wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
a children 's party clown
gets violently gang-raped
All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
a besotted and obvious drama
besotted and obvious drama
besotted and obvious
that tells us nothing new
tells us nothing new
us nothing new
handed down
record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
torn apart by a legacy of abuse
torn apart
by a legacy of abuse
of abuse
ambitious but self-indulgent
a haunting sense of malaise
of malaise
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
itself is just SOOOOO tired .
is just SOOOOO tired .
is just SOOOOO tired
SOOOOO tired
As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action
profane and exploitative
as the most offensive action
the most offensive action
most offensive action
Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
less a documentary and more propaganda
a documentary and more propaganda
more propaganda
despair and
B movie
Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious
is never especially clever and often
is never especially clever and
is rather pretentious
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage
an unbalanced mixture
unbalanced mixture
unbalanced
pure Hollywood
any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
for it would have felt like a cheat
would have felt like a cheat
have felt like a cheat
It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
a $ 40 million version of a game
you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
're more likely to enjoy on a computer
The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
is about as deep as that sentiment
Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
, but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time
how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg
` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory
itself and retreats
a hunky has-been
hunky has-been
has-been
, delusional man
delusional man
get into the history books before he croaks
he croaks
reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
Castro
so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
it can only be seen as propaganda
can only be seen as propaganda
be seen as propaganda
seen as propaganda
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure .
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
have come to term an `` ambitious failure
come to term an `` ambitious failure
to term an `` ambitious failure
term an `` ambitious failure
an `` ambitious failure
`` ambitious failure
ambitious failure
No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population
more contemptuous of the single female population
contemptuous of the single female population
female population
It 's Splash without the jokes .
's Splash without the jokes .
's Splash without the jokes
Splash without the jokes
as conventional as a Nike ad
conventional as a Nike ad
as rebellious
rebellious
I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ,
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
watery tones
scrap
is of the darkest variety
of the darkest variety
the darkest variety
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
most battered women
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie ,
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie
all the values of a straight-to-video movie
a straight-to-video movie
straight-to-video movie
straight-to-video
's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always
withered
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ?
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight ,
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight
is rote spookiness
with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight
nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight
-LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB-
-LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
edit
beg the question ` Why
angry and sad
angry and
a curious sick poetry ,
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references
Fluffy neo-noir
hiding behind cutesy film references
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it
a cinematic disaster
cinematic disaster
inadvertently sidesplitting it
the price of admission for the ridicule factor
of admission for the ridicule factor
admission for the ridicule factor
for the ridicule factor
the ridicule factor
ridicule factor
An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship
An overwrought Taiwanese soaper
overwrought Taiwanese soaper
What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves
skid-row
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
pushed into the margins
by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
predictable plotting and
predictable plotting
The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is
how ridiculous and money-oriented
ridiculous and money-oriented
ridiculous and
money-oriented
Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled
remains unfulfilled
Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard
tries too hard
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video ,
A low-budget affair , Tadpole
A low-budget affair
low-budget affair
the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
smeary and blurry ,
smeary and blurry
smeary and
smeary
to the point of distraction
The movie 's seams may show ...
The movie 's seams may show
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement ,
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement
Stale first act , Scrooge story ,
Stale first act , Scrooge story
blatant product placement
dumb fart jokes
dumb fart
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ...
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week ,
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week
Manipulative claptrap ,
Manipulative claptrap
period-piece movie-of-the-week
plain old blarney
plain old
go home '' when talking to Americans
It 's not original enough .
's not original enough .
's not original enough
Confessions is n't always coherent ,
Confessions is n't always coherent
is n't always coherent
An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
An empty exercise ,
An empty exercise
empty exercise
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama
florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama
ultimately vapid
flash but little emotional resonance
little emotional resonance
who comes to America speaking not a word of English
not a word of English
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
it dull , lifeless , and irritating
dull , lifeless , and irritating
dull , lifeless
, lifeless
, and irritating
At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
, all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
this visual trickery
trickery
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill
, vaguely silly overkill
vaguely silly overkill
silly overkill
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
loosely connected characters and
loosely connected characters
loosely connected
plots that never quite gel
that never quite gel
never quite gel
It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .
's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB-
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have
deeply out of place in what could have
deeply out of place
what could have
-LRB- and probably should have -RRB-
-LRB- and probably should have
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one ,
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one
may not be an important movie , or even a good one
of mindless pace in collision
mindless pace in collision
mindless pace
A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
A retread
There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
that do n't care about being stupid
do n't care about being stupid
being stupid
Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
this three-hour endurance test
three-hour endurance test
with all its botches
its botches
botches
Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
gives devastating testimony
devastating testimony
for evil
A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
cause loads of irreparable damage
loads of irreparable damage
of irreparable damage
irreparable
that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
years and years of costly analysis could never fix
the haphazardness of evil
haphazardness
vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .
vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
plain wacky implausibility --
plain wacky implausibility
wacky implausibility
It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
A mean-spirited film
mean-spirited film
someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
as boring before I see this piece of crap again
boring before I see this piece of crap again
before I see this piece of crap again
I see this piece of crap again
see this piece of crap again
see this piece of crap
this piece of crap
of crap
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting
designed strictly for children 's home video ,
so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment ,
all manner of lame entertainment
of lame entertainment
lame entertainment
find it diverting
` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it
who refuse to admit that they do n't like it
refuse to admit that they do n't like it
they do n't like it
do n't like it
The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
, superficiality and silliness
superficiality and silliness
superficiality and
superficiality
in a standard plot
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
the flawed support structure
flawed support structure
holding Equilibrium up
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary ,
and social commentary
on both sides it falls short
it falls short
The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but
The story is virtually impossible to follow here ,
The story is virtually impossible to follow here
is virtually impossible to follow here
is virtually impossible
the face of death
It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
not a must-own
that it feels almost anachronistic
almost anachronistic
Vietnam War
green men
Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely
schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success --
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success
a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success
a shallow rumination
shallow rumination
soulless .
, sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
be characterized as robotic sentiment
characterized as robotic sentiment
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
also is difficult to fathom .
is difficult to fathom .
is difficult to fathom
difficult to fathom
fathom
Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
a formula comedy
That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
is even lazier and far less enjoyable
even lazier and far less enjoyable
even lazier and
even lazier
lazier
far less enjoyable
less enjoyable
If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
, The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
does n't add up to a whole lot .
does n't add up to a whole lot
If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But
called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
Was Going To Be Really Awful
Going To Be Really Awful
To Be Really Awful
Be Really Awful
Really Awful
would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
feel sad
you feel pissed off
feel pissed off
pissed off
pissed
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor
is a cinematic misdemeanor
misdemeanor
, a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
a routine crime
routine crime
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
logic and misuse
misuse
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines
infantile cross-dressing routines
cross-dressing
fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
gimmick
from this unimaginative comedian
this unimaginative comedian
unimaginative comedian
Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
lazily and glumly
lazily
We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
misfiring
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
atrociously
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
, indescribably bad
indescribably bad
Defies logic ,
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
delusions
Idiotic and ugly .
Idiotic and ugly
Idiotic and
What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors
a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors
of uncoordinated vectors
uncoordinated
it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
it lacks the zest and
lacks the zest
it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
a plot twist instead of trusting the material
instead of trusting the material
A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
has little clue
Bad in such a bizarre way
crazy confluence
cursory
stock footage
all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
drag queen ,
lactating hippie
It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
's horribly depressing and not very well done .
's horribly depressing and not very well done
horribly depressing and not very well done
horribly depressing and not
horribly depressing and
horribly depressing
horribly
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ;
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else
seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else
seemed bored
the pratfalls but little else
America 's thirst for violence
for violence
A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
A terrible movie that some people
is more a case of ` Sacre bleu
Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences ,
repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences
languorous slo-mo sequences
Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby
fang-baring lullaby
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
dishonest and pat
dishonest and
as any Hollywood fluff
any Hollywood fluff
Hollywood fluff
Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
Simplistic , silly and tedious .
Simplistic , silly and tedious
silly and tedious
Blob
The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
Hallmark card sentimentality and
Hallmark card sentimentality
straight out of a cellular phone commercial
out of a cellular phone commercial
a cellular phone commercial
The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven .
a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven
a glorified episode
7th Heaven
The story itself is actually quite vapid .
itself is actually quite vapid .
quite vapid
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ...
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect
is hardly perfect
hardly perfect
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
the intentionally low standards
intentionally low
Sorority Boys is a bowser .
is a bowser .
is a bowser
a bowser
Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
, pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
pity anyone who sees this
mishmash .
Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
Despite Auteuil 's performance
, it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
's a rather listless amble down
a rather listless amble down
a rather listless amble
rather listless amble
the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
the thematic ironies are too obvious
are too obvious
the sexual politics too smug
too smug
as unblinkingly pure as The Hours
uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .
uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB-
quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB-
large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
cheese-laced spectacles
, ghastly
ghastly
improbable as this premise may seem
the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
the anguish
when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ,
rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
toilet-humor codswallop
toilet-humor
codswallop
bias
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch ,
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch
predominantly amateur
cast is painful to watch
is painful to watch
painful to watch
so stilted and unconvincing
stilted and unconvincing
Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
Hmmm
... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
wayward wooden one
end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie
tolerable-to-adults
White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark ,
may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark
rolling your eyes in the dark
rolling your eyes
the dark
you wo n't like looking at it
wo n't like looking at it
Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
the most moronic screenplays of the year ,
the most moronic screenplays of the year
the most moronic screenplays
most moronic screenplays
most moronic
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
glitzy but extremely silly piece
but extremely silly piece
extremely silly
Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
Even if it made its original release date last fall
it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
of a been-there , done-that sameness
a been-there , done-that sameness
a been-there ,
a been-there
sameness
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
to imagine acting that could be any flatter
imagine acting that could be any flatter
acting that could be any flatter
could be any flatter
be any flatter
All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness
been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness
been , pardon the pun , sucked out
replaced by goth goofiness
The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
never knew what the hell was coming next
knew what the hell was coming next
what the hell was coming next
The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
does little that is actually funny with the material
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better
the books are better
his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
show more of the dilemma , rather than
Over and over again .
This is not a Jackie Chan movie .
But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
's plenty to offend everyone ...
's plenty to offend everyone
plenty to offend everyone
offend everyone
He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
an unsettling picture
of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
combined with indoctrinated prejudice
with indoctrinated prejudice
indoctrinated prejudice
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
This is n't a new idea .
is n't a new idea
domestic abuse
in all of their pity and terror
pity and terror
It 's all surface psychodramatics .
's all surface psychodramatics
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
lethargic
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
hindered
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
peppered with false starts and
peppered with false starts
with false starts
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
characters who are nearly impossible to care about
who are nearly impossible to care about
are nearly impossible to care about
nearly impossible to care about
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship ,
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship
a bit of a phony relationship
a phony relationship
phony relationship
One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
actress-producer and writer
acidity
succumbing to its own bathos
its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
prove too convoluted
too convoluted
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
avalanche
After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
sloppy , made-for-movie
, it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
that he refuses to evaluate his own work
he refuses to evaluate his own work
refuses to evaluate his own work
is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
Plotless collection of moronic stunts
Plotless collection
of moronic stunts
is by far the worst movie of the year .
is by far the worst movie of the year
by far the worst movie of the year
far the worst movie of the year
far the worst movie
A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
smug and convoluted action-comedy that
smug and convoluted
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
have been better off staying on the festival circuit
better off staying on the festival circuit
Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
the very basic dictums
very basic
as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
heart-breakingly extensive annals
white-on-black racism
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
As plain and pedestrian as catsup
As plain and pedestrian as
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
is a horrible movie --
is a horrible movie
a horrible movie
horrible movie
if only it were that grand a failure
it were that grand a failure
were that grand a failure
that grand a failure
grand a failure
When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
, should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
should n't the reality seem at least passably real
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September
that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September
dying and going
dying and
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
the would-be surprises coming a mile away
If only Merchant paid more attention the story .
missing a beat
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just
wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations
its rather routine script
rather routine
work more than it probably should
the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
an agonizing bore
agonizing bore
agonizing
This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
the most part a useless movie , even with
the most part a useless movie , even
the most part a useless movie ,
the most part a useless movie
a useless movie
useless movie
Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
a loose collection
not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
not-so-funny gags ,
not-so-funny gags
not-so-funny
It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
spiritless , silly and monotonous
, silly and monotonous
silly and monotonous
monotonous
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem ,
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem
of pointless mayhem
pointless mayhem
going nowhere fast
nowhere fast
another weepy Southern bore-athon .
weepy Southern bore-athon .
Southern bore-athon .
bore-athon .
bore-athon
's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places
in all the wrong places
all the wrong places
wrong places
Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
Bottom-rung New Jack City
Bottom-rung
wannabe .
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work ,
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
to this film that may not always work
this film that may not always work
that may not always work
may not always work
marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
marred
by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder
, utterly distracting blunder
utterly distracting blunder
utterly distracting
blunder
unpredictable character
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement
such blatant and sickening product placement
blatant and sickening product placement
and sickening product placement
sickening product placement
As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
, Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
the hurried , badly cobbled look
hurried , badly cobbled look
, badly cobbled look
badly cobbled look
badly cobbled
combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
on the monster 's path of destruction
of destruction
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
will most likely doze off during this one .
will most likely doze off during this one
doze off during this one
doze off
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
nothing about crime
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
its rough edges
rough edges
rough
a tendency to sag in certain places
to sag in certain places
sag in certain places
A noble failure .
noble failure .
failure .
Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
Becomes a bit of a mishmash
of a mishmash
a mishmash
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't
It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
a bad plot
bad plot
unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
in crisis
tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
by bad luck and their own immaturity
bad luck and their own immaturity
bad luck and
bad luck
their own immaturity
immaturity
but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
, ` How can you charge money for this ? '
` How can you charge money for this ? '
How can you charge money for this ? '
charge money for this ? '
charge money for this ?
could have been a daytime soap opera
For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
, Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever ,
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie
the gabbiest giant-screen movie
gabbiest giant-screen movie
bogging down in a barrage of hype
bogging down
of hype
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting ,
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting
the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised
entirely improvised
There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic --
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic
no psychology here ,
no psychology
no real narrative logic
just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
carefully choreographed atrocities
atrocities
which become strangely impersonal and abstract
become strangely impersonal and abstract
strangely impersonal and abstract
impersonal and abstract
impersonal and
The ending does n't work ... but
The ending does n't work ...
The ending does n't work
go very right , and then step wrong
step wrong
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle
this 65-minute trifle
65-minute trifle
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
the teeny-bopper set
teeny-bopper set
teeny-bopper
a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
a sad , soggy potboiler
sad , soggy potboiler
, soggy potboiler
soggy potboiler
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
, none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild
the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild
badness that is Deuces Wild
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure
Completely creatively stillborn and
Completely creatively stillborn
creatively stillborn
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
could be a single iota worse ...
be a single iota worse
a single iota worse
a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
a soulless hunk
soulless hunk
of exploitative garbage
exploitative garbage
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film ,
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film
are n't many conclusive answers in the film
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
idiotically
uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the improperly hammy performance
improperly hammy performance
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
gets added disdain for the fact
added disdain
disdain
that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
is nearly impossible to look at or understand
nearly impossible
Insufferably naive .
Insufferably naive
naive
Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
Animated drivel
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
the self-image of drooling idiots
of drooling idiots
drooling idiots
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
the strain is all too evident
too evident
with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
mainstream foreign mush
foreign mush
-LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
the worst kind of mythologizing ,
the worst kind of mythologizing
abject suffering
abject
Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
creepiest conventions
A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .
A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
A droll ,
bitchy frolic
bitchy
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
banged their brains into the ground so frequently
banged their brains into the ground
banged their brains
furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
No amount of good acting
is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
save Oleander 's uninspired story
Oleander 's uninspired story
uninspired story
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick
the new film is a lame kiddie flick
is a lame kiddie flick
a lame kiddie flick
lame kiddie flick
Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
are wasted in it
wasted in it
... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
phony humility
barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
camouflaging grotesque narcissism
grotesque narcissism
More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat
scratching your head than hiding under your seat
scratching your head
a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society
struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
pinned to its huckster lapel
its huckster lapel
a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
most undeserving victim
most undeserving
of critical overkill
critical overkill
A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
never rises above superficiality .
, Egoyan has done too much .
Egoyan has done too much .
has done too much
Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
, Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust
episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust
episodic choppiness ,
episodic choppiness
choppiness
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations
jerking off
to bother pleasuring its audience
than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
the pseudo-educational stuff
we all ca n't stand
all ca n't stand
ca n't stand
i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
a banal spiritual quest
Shallow .
substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
as stiff , ponderous and charmless
stiff , ponderous and charmless
, ponderous and charmless
ponderous and charmless
ponderous and
... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
' should never have been brought out of hibernation
should never have been brought out of hibernation
The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ,
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
do n't care to understand
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
, even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all ,
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all
barely shocking , barely interesting and most
barely shocking , barely interesting
barely shocking ,
barely shocking
barely interesting
-LRB- T -RRB- oo many of these gross out scenes ...
oo many of these gross out scenes ...
oo many of these gross out scenes
oo many of these gross
many of these gross
About as original as a gangster sweating
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters ,
are too grave for youngsters
too grave for youngsters
grave for youngsters
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
childish things
While the story 's undeniably hard to follow
the story 's undeniably hard to follow
's undeniably hard to follow
undeniably hard
Smothered by its own solemnity
if it pushes its agenda too forcefully
it pushes its agenda too forcefully
pushes its agenda too forcefully
Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches ,
of the obvious cliches
the obvious cliches
obvious cliches
wind up using them as punching bags
using them as punching bags
bags
It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows
a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
, the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
is just a little bit hard to love .
is just a little bit hard to love
As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
wo n't enjoy the movie at all
Trouble ''
Death might be a release .
it lacks a strong narrative
lacks a strong narrative
If you go , pack your knitting needles .
pack your knitting needles .
pack your knitting needles
chicanery and self-delusion
members of the cultural elite
to proceed as the world implodes
implodes
in any way demeaning its subjects
any way demeaning its subjects
demeaning its subjects
demeaning
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
captive by mediocrity .
captive by mediocrity
by mediocrity
sardonic verve
their caustic purpose for existing
remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
thinking someone made off with your wallet
someone made off with your wallet
made off with your wallet
A major waste ... generic .
A major waste ... generic
A major waste ...
A major waste
major waste
-LRB- Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
be too narrow to attract crossover viewers
too narrow to attract crossover viewers
The movie is a dud .
is a dud .
is a dud
A great script brought down by lousy direction .
brought down by lousy direction .
brought down by lousy direction
brought down
by lousy direction
lousy direction
Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
to feel like you were n't invited to the party
feel like you were n't invited to the party
like you were n't invited to the party
you were n't invited to the party
It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
's so downbeat and nearly humorless
so downbeat and nearly humorless
so downbeat and
so downbeat
that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
chore
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
a minimalist Beauty and the Beast
This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity
of run-of-the-mill profanity
run-of-the-mill profanity
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy
you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
persnickety
is simply a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood .
a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood
is less successful on other levels
There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
few things more frustrating to a film buff
few things more frustrating
than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
marred beyond redemption
beyond redemption
by a disastrous ending
a disastrous ending
disastrous ending
disastrous
into How Long Is This Movie ?
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons
burns out
that 's where the film ultimately fails
's where the film ultimately fails
where the film ultimately fails
the film ultimately fails
ultimately fails
Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
But what is missing from it all is a moral .
what is missing from it
missing from it
The film , while not exactly assured in its execution ,
not exactly assured in its execution
audacity and
True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
, it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
a series of relentlessly nasty situations
of relentlessly nasty situations
relentlessly nasty situations
relentlessly nasty
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie
It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
relegated
the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere
contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
the plight
if downbeat ,
While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
without much interest in the Elizabethans
-LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
rank frustration from those in the
rank frustration from those
frustration from those
know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
dumbed-down tactics
It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
smutty
Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
cranked out on an assembly line
to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
stupid Americans
with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
slapstick and unfunny tricks
and unfunny tricks
unfunny tricks
It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
It looks like an action movie , but
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
's so poorly
made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie
from a bad Clive Barker movie
a bad Clive Barker movie
bad Clive Barker movie
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and
The story is lacking any real emotional impact ,
The story is lacking any real emotional impact
is lacking any real emotional impact
lacking any real emotional impact
any real emotional impact
the plot is both contrived and cliched
is both contrived and cliched
both contrived and cliched
One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
sloughs one 's way
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
this alleged psychological thriller
in search of purpose or even a plot
search of purpose or even a plot
of purpose or even a plot
even a plot
need not apply .
that sometimes falls
sometimes falls
prey to its sob-story trappings .
sob-story trappings
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling
a failure of storytelling
s face is chillingly unemotive , yet
face is chillingly unemotive
unemotive
Shrewd but pointless .
Shrewd but pointless
the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
, I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
A weird little movie
weird little movie
pungent
A lack of thesis
makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
A high-minded snoozer .
high-minded snoozer .
snoozer .
snoozer
down a familiar road with a few twists
A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
longer exposition sequences between them
with fewer gags to break the tedium .
with fewer gags to break the tedium
fewer gags to break the tedium
gags to break the tedium
to break the tedium
the tedium
tedium
A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
made to look bad
look bad
into splatter movies
splatter
're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two
Hate it because it 's lousy .
Hate it because it 's lousy
because it 's lousy
it 's lousy
refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
just another teen movie ,
just another teen movie
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
of the gross-out comedy
the gross-out comedy
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made
that , quite simply , should n't have been made
, quite simply , should n't have been made
quite simply , should n't have been made
, should n't have been made
should n't have been made
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick
so-so slapstick
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts
find a ` literary ' filmmaking style
think it 's in danger of going wrong
it 's in danger of going wrong
's in danger of going wrong
going wrong
, despite many talky , slow scenes
, slow scenes
slow scenes
Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
serviceability , but
On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
, the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
easily and , in the end , not well enough
and , in the end , not well enough
this frozen tundra soap opera
frozen tundra soap opera
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people
uninteresting , unlikeable people
, unlikeable people
unlikeable people
unlikeable
do bad things
bad things
in `` Unfaithful
Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
disease-of-the-week
and pulp melodrama
pulp melodrama
smart-aleck
If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
If I want a real movie
want a real movie
Video games are more involving than this mess .
are more involving than this mess .
are more involving than this mess
involving than this mess
than this mess
None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
are fleshed-out enough to build any interest
Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
is too upbeat
A little melodramatic , but with enough
little melodramatic , but with
little melodramatic
Generic slasher-movie nonsense
without style
go straight to video
The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
The misery of these people
The misery
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle ,
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle
just another voyeuristic spectacle
to be consumed and forgotten
be consumed and forgotten
consumed and forgotten
Aan opportunity wasted .
wasted .
This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
This stuck pig of a movie
This stuck pig
pig
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
flails
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
limply
pallid horror
pallid
It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
is bad
without merit
A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
A bland animated sequel that
A bland animated sequel
bland animated sequel
hardly seems worth the effort .
Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
was worse . ''
was worse .
anomie and heartbreak
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability
excruciating demonstration
of the unsalvageability
the unsalvageability
unsalvageability
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
with an amateurish screenplay
an amateurish screenplay
amateurish screenplay
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain --
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain
is enough to give you brain strain
enough to give you brain strain
to give you brain strain
brain strain
the pay-off is negligible
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
so preachy-keen and
tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
tub-thumpingly loud
it makes you feel like a chump
makes you feel like a chump
you feel like a chump
feel like a chump
just for sitting through it
Feeble comedy .
Feeble comedy
trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress
, out-outrage or out-depress
out-outrage
any flaws that come later
a dim
Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
an eviction notice
every theater stuck with it
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness ,
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness
boredom to the point of collapse ,
boredom to the point of collapse
boredom to the point
boredom
collapse
turning into a black hole of dullness
into a black hole of dullness
a black hole of dullness
a black hole
dullness
from which no interesting concept can escape
no interesting concept can escape
no interesting concept
affair ,
human darkness
reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
the laziness and arrogance
laziness and arrogance
A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points
... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
, prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
prepackaged
Julia Roberts wannabe
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering
hard-sell image-mongering
hard-sell
image-mongering
Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit
's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty
the slippery slope of dishonesty
the slippery slope
slippery slope
of dishonesty
dishonesty
An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
An ugly , pointless , stupid movie
ugly , pointless , stupid movie
ugly , pointless , stupid
, pointless , stupid
pointless , stupid
, stupid
Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head
may not have a novel thought in his head
without much of a story
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
The histrionic muse
histrionic
still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
charmless witch
, she is merely a charmless witch .
she is merely a charmless witch .
is merely a charmless witch .
is merely a charmless witch
're down
for a silly hack-and-slash flick
a silly hack-and-slash flick
Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star
was just an ordinary big-screen star
an ordinary big-screen star
Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ,
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
`` horrible '' and `` terrible
horrible '' and `` terrible
'' and `` terrible
and `` terrible
`` terrible
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
dissing the film
Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
Pay Nine Bucks for This
Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
suffering Afghan refugees on the news
suffering Afghan refugees
be unaffected
avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists :
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
Wildly incompetent
brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
Totally Past His Prime
Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river
are a little peculiar
this is one that should be thrown back in the river
is one that should be thrown back in the river
one that should be thrown back in the river
that should be thrown back in the river
should be thrown back in the river
it has definite weaknesses
has definite weaknesses
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
a rather unbelievable love interest
rather unbelievable
meandering ending
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
disguising this
as one of the worst films of the summer
one of the worst films of the summer
of the worst films of the summer
the worst films of the summer
the worst films
worst films
Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
, ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
how to suffer '
to suffer '
suffer '
ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
more painful
than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
an unfunny movie
unfunny movie
No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out
No worse a film
No worse
Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road
might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road
run for cover
It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
It all unfolds predictably ,
It all unfolds predictably
all unfolds predictably
unfolds predictably
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
designed to fill time ,
designed to fill time
to fill time
fill time
providing no real sense of suspense
Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
why it fails
it fails
If only it had the story to match .
on the whole less
detached .
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
in what is essentially an extended soap opera
what is essentially an extended soap opera
is essentially an extended soap opera
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ,
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
that stubbornly refused to gel
stubbornly refused to gel
refused to gel
the result is more puzzling than unsettling
puzzling than unsettling
Slow and ponderous ,
of political corruption
Strip it of all its excess debris ,
all its excess debris
excess debris
Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
, as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
here are unintentional .
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
his fake backdrops and stately pacing
his fake backdrops
fake backdrops
A little uneven to be the cat 's meow ,
A little uneven to be the cat 's meow
little uneven
Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
plot holes
gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
gaping
, the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
motivated by nothing
dull , brain-deadening hangover
, brain-deadening hangover
It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
of weird performances and direction
Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
Disreputable
are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
by a lackluster script and substandard performances
a lackluster script and substandard performances
a lackluster script
lackluster script
substandard performances
substandard
An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series
An unencouraging threefold expansion
unencouraging threefold expansion
unencouraging
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits
the stunt-hungry dimwits
stunt-hungry dimwits
dimwits
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
, pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
, pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
, then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
then becomes unwatchable
becomes unwatchable
is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking
going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers
over-familiarity
have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997
strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997
formula mercilessly
Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
is painfully bad ,
is painfully bad
painfully bad
a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
fourth-rate
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
between dumb fun and just plain dumb
and just plain dumb
just plain dumb
plain dumb
of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story
sympathizing with terrorist motivations
any less enjoyable
The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff ,
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
formulaic ,
plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
Hollywood war-movie stuff
the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
of deja vu
it 's far tamer than advertised
far tamer
The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
such a lousy way
lousy way
some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
that it 's impossible to care
it 's impossible to care
's impossible to care
rarely work in movies now
from bland actors
bland actors
it can make him a problematic documentary subject
make him a problematic documentary subject
him a problematic documentary subject
of common concern
its shortcomings
never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a -
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
nothing funny
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
this every-joke-has - been-told-a
every-joke-has - been-told-a
Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
, it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated
cold , grey , antiseptic and
cold , grey , antiseptic
cold , grey
cold ,
emotionally desiccated
desiccated
dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
as bad as you think , and
as bad as you think ,
as bad as you think
worse than you can imagine
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan ,
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan
Donovan ... squanders his main asset ,
Donovan ... squanders his main asset
fumbles the vital action sequences
elusive ... stagy and stilted
elusive ...
stagy and stilted
May lack the pungent bite of its title , but
May lack the pungent bite of its title ,
May lack the pungent bite of its title
the pungent bite of its title
the pungent bite
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome ,
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
racial profiling Hollywood style
a trend
neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines
is that there is never any question of how things will turn out
is never any question of how things will turn out
It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
's so devoid of joy and energy
devoid of joy and energy
it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence
of misogyny and unprovoked violence
misogyny and unprovoked violence
misogyny and unprovoked
suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
suffocate
the sparse instances of humor
sparse instances
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
through the gloomy film noir veil
the gloomy film noir veil
gloomy film noir veil
noir veil
Predictably melodramatic .
Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
pile too many `` serious issues ''
too many `` serious issues ''
`` serious issues ''
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks
seems to be missing .
seems to be missing
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice
is such that the movie does not do them justice
that the movie does not do them justice
the movie does not do them justice
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
I have returned from the beyond to warn you :
I have returned from the beyond to warn you
have returned from the beyond to warn you
warn
this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
this movie is 90 minutes long , and
is too short
Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
flakiness
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
forced funniness
in the dullest kiddie flicks
the dullest kiddie flicks
dullest kiddie flicks
Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
a study in schoolgirl obsession
... really horrible drek .
really horrible drek .
really horrible
drek
It 's not particularly subtle ...
Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
enough gun battles and
throwaway
humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
the yawning chasm where the plot should be
grow increasingly disturbed
increasingly disturbed
The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
formulaic and forgettable
that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
before it begins to fade from memory
it begins to fade from memory
begins to fade from memory
fade from memory
another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
, let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off
dim-witted and lazy spin-off
dim-witted and lazy
dim-witted and
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
entertainment opportunism at its most glaring
its most glaring
In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
, movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
for overstimulated minds
overstimulated minds
overstimulated
truly awful and
truly awful
that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
shame Americans ,
shame Americans
ultimate blame
self-mocking ,
as it is flawed
it is flawed
is flawed
If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
during the long build-up of expository material
... a confusing drudgery .
a confusing drudgery .
drudgery .
drudgery
that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
a prostitute
be as lonely and needy
lonely and needy
-LRB- the -RRB- superfluous
... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve ,
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief
depend on empathy .
The problems and characters it reveals
problems and
might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
deepest recesses
passion , grief and fear
and mawkish dialogue
mawkish dialogue
Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
just is n't very funny .
is n't very funny .
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures ,
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures
Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
set out to lampoon , anyway .
lots of Hollywood fluff
of Hollywood fluff
look at the world 's dispossessed .
Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults
is too heady for children , and too preachy
too heady for children , and too preachy
But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
seriously , folks , it does n't work .
, folks , it does n't work .
folks , it does n't work .
, it does n't work .
it does n't work .
does n't work .
Too damn weird
damn weird
pass up
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me ,
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
some pretentious eye-rolling moments
pretentious eye-rolling moments
eye-rolling moments
it did n't entirely grab me
did n't entirely grab me
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations
A muddy psychological thriller
muddy psychological thriller
muddy psychological
muddy
rife with miscalculations
with miscalculations
A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic
with weak dialogue and biopic
rare window
May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
the ridiculous dialog or
the ridiculous dialog
ridiculous dialog
's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .
a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
interrupted
So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
So aggressively cheery
that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag
Pollyana would reach for a barf bag
would reach for a barf bag
reach for a barf bag
for a barf bag
-LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
rely on an ambiguous presentation
The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar
patronizing
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
pretentious ,
untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
untalented artistes
untalented
who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
moaning about their cruel fate
their cruel fate
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ,
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
the mediocre end of the pool
the mediocre end
mediocre end
it 's a sad , sick sight
's a sad , sick sight
sad , sick sight
sick sight
Holland lets things peter out midway , but
Holland lets things peter out midway ,
lets things peter out midway
peter out midway
black urban professionals
little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
little more than a well-acted television melodrama
With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
cribbed
Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ...
Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist
this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist
seems as tired as its protagonist
as tired as its protagonist
tired as its protagonist
the finish line winded but
our Hollywood has all but lost
has all but lost
Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
just does n't add up .
does n't add up .
does n't add up
when it comes to truncheoning --
It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
's so tedious
so tedious
it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
fake , dishonest
With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
the players do n't have a clue on the park .
do n't have a clue on the park .
do n't have a clue on the park
` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
' the play more has partly closed it down .
What it lacks in originality
it lacks in originality
lacks in originality
it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread
if cheap moments
if cheap
of fright and dread
fright and dread
fright
dread
He fails .
fails .
The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
as tiresome as 9 seconds
as tiresome as 9
tiresome as 9
anti-
Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume
, he has no clue about making a movie
he has no clue about making a movie
has no clue about making a movie
no clue about making a movie
no clue
Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
would n't make Trouble Every Day any better
make Trouble
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies
Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies
Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' ,
lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend ''
The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
plot and paper-thin supporting characters
and paper-thin supporting characters
paper-thin supporting characters
Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
is sappy and amateurish
sappy and amateurish
Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
's not exactly worth
deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it
its agonizing , Catch-22 glory
agonizing , Catch-22
they spend years trying to comprehend it
spend years trying to comprehend it
Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
Unsurprisingly
, the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers ,
stereotypical caretakers
This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
a remake by the numbers
linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
linking a halfwit plot
a halfwit plot
halfwit plot
halfwit
how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
they could have been in a more ambitious movie
if occasionally flawed ,
occasionally flawed ,
brutal and
If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
, `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
`` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
outshined
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
doubting
it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
, feels clumsy and convoluted
feels clumsy and convoluted
The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
plays out like a flimsy excuse
a flimsy excuse
dozens of bad guys
Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
feel like a short stretched out to feature length
stretched out to feature length
a verbal duel
coming apart at its seams
This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
is n't really about anything .
devastatingly
A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness
alternating with lots of sloppiness
with lots of sloppiness
lots of sloppiness
sloppiness
the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze
of sentimental ooze
sentimental ooze
Flat , misguided comedy .
Flat , misguided comedy
Flat ,
misguided comedy
With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
With minimal imagination
, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub
restage the whole thing
I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back
Arnold is not , nor will he be , back
is not , nor will he be , back
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy
the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy
has not a trace of humanity or empathy
not a trace of humanity or empathy
not a trace
counter the crudity
crudity
The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51
the mayhem in Formula 51
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring
that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring
that it 's offensive , but
that it 's offensive ,
that it 's offensive
it 's offensive
that it 's boring
it 's boring
's boring
Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
starts off so bad
that you feel like running out screaming
you feel like running out screaming
feel like running out screaming
like running out screaming
, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful
works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful
to merely bad rather than painfully awful
merely bad rather than painfully awful
merely bad rather than
merely bad
painfully awful
A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction
uninspired scripts , acting and direction
never rise above the level of an after-school TV special
rise above the level of an after-school TV special
above the level of an after-school TV special
the level of an after-school TV special
This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
absolutely and completely ridiculous and
absolutely and completely ridiculous
and completely ridiculous
completely ridiculous
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
an insult to every family
an insult
suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
suffered through the horrible pains of a death
through the horrible pains of a death
the horrible pains of a death
the horrible pains
horrible pains
cancer
Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
that 's superficial and unrealized
's superficial and unrealized
superficial and unrealized
superficial and
The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
half the excitement of Balto ,
half the excitement of Balto
quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial
of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial
loveless hook ups .
loveless
compressed characterisations
Nakata did it better
did it better
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
typical late-twenty-somethings natter
natter
desperately wishing you could change tables
In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
all the annals
, few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
, inexplicable and unpleasant
she 's cut open a vein
cut open a vein
take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side
so that the human story is pushed to one side
the human story is pushed to one side
its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
its stupidities
stupidities
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ,
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
sit near the back
squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
truly egregious lip-non-synching
truly egregious
This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now
This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then
did n't play well then
it plays worse now
plays worse now
plays worse
is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
is n't much of a mystery ,
The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
the schmaltz is manufactured
is rigid and evasive in ways
rigid and evasive in ways
rigid and evasive
rigid and
evasive
whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .
familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .
familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it
familiar and predictable , and
familiar and predictable ,
familiar and predictable
might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .
might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
a Xerox machine
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
argues
Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
Laconic and
very stilted in its dialogue
, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development
at every faltering half-step of its development
every faltering half-step of its development
every faltering half-step
faltering half-step
faltering
half-step
that criticizing feels more like commiserating
the most resolutely unreligious parents
unreligious
The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
is disappointingly generic .
is disappointingly generic
disappointingly generic
gasp , shudder
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
muddled and derivative
muddled and
that few will bother thinking it all through
bother thinking it all through
Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap ,
Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap
are all cheap
You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
in which the kids in the house will be gored
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
with maggots crawling on a dead dog
maggots crawling on a dead dog
dead dog
an out of place metaphor
Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
, groan and hiss
groan and hiss
groan
hiss
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year -
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year
wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , ''
may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters
had no effect and
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
a bland murder-on-campus
bland murder-on-campus
yawner .
yawner
The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
The only problem
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
, by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
has not spawned a single good film .
has not spawned a single good film
One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
the most incoherent
most incoherent
- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together
Lucy Liu never comes together
never comes together
` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality
crossing-over mumbo jumbo
sappy dialogue
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them
Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them
to regain his life , his dignity and his music
be occupied for 72 minutes
This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense ,
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
, it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
's not a very good movie in any objective sense
As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
As earnest as a community-college advertisement
earnest as a community-college advertisement
a community-college advertisement
community-college advertisement
, American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
put away the guitar , sell the amp , and
put away the guitar , sell the amp ,
put away
unintentional parody
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
This ludicrous film
ludicrous film
is predictable at every turn .
is predictable at every turn
predictable at every turn
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '
is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '
it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
's just tediously bad ,
's just tediously bad
something to be fully forgotten
to be fully forgotten
fully forgotten
will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
so long
there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
see strange young guys doing strange guy things
doing strange guy things
It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely
It briefly flirts with player masochism , but
It briefly flirts with player masochism ,
the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely
the point of real interest - -- audience sadism
audience sadism
is evaded completely
evaded completely
evaded
overstylized
Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
is too optimistic a title .
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay
of a predictable outcome and a screenplay
a predictable outcome and a screenplay
a predictable outcome and
predictable outcome
glosses over Rafael 's evolution
What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
's needed so badly but what is virtually absent
needed so badly but what is virtually absent
needed so badly
is virtually absent
virtually absent
the feel of poetic tragedy
poetic tragedy
is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
been shot
The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
toss logic and science
is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
the labyrinthine ways
sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
from a lackluster screenplay
a lackluster screenplay
lackluster screenplay
a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
Cry , Deliverance , and
film is yet to be made
can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself
The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
their way around this movie directionless ,
their way around this movie directionless
around this movie directionless
this movie directionless
movie directionless
directionless
lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities
weighs down
the tale with bogus profundities
with bogus profundities
noble , trembling incoherence
, trembling incoherence
trembling incoherence
By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
dull-witted and disquietingly
dull-witted and
dull-witted
disquietingly
While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation
has little insight into the historical period and its artists ,
has little insight into the historical period and its artists
has little insight
notorious reputation
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean ,
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean
's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean
's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and
's not life-affirming -- its vulgar
's not life-affirming
not life-affirming
its vulgar
understatement
woe
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel ,
is as bad at it is cruel
as bad at it is cruel
bad at it is cruel
it is cruel
is cruel
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it
stiletto-stomps the life out
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure
in a superficial way , while never sure
a superficial way , while never sure
a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much
its mind -- maybe too much
-- maybe too much
maybe too much
drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .
falls flat as a spoof .
falls flat as a spoof
flat as a spoof
While it can be a bit repetitive
it can be a bit repetitive
can be a bit repetitive
be a bit repetitive
a bit repetitive
be dismissed as mindless
dismissed as mindless
as mindless
J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude ,
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something ,
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
saw that was written down
that was written down
an inhuman monster
inhuman monster
There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
a woozy quality
woozy quality
woozy
the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
undercuts
of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
utter loss
personified in the film 's simple title
, but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories .
, but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
It 's not a great monster movie .
's not a great monster movie .
's not a great monster movie
best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
daytime soaper
Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
, around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
glucose sentimentality and
mistakes
that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and
bad movies make and is determined not to make them
bad movies
ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
were less densely plotted
Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
the film is essentially juiceless .
is essentially juiceless .
essentially juiceless
juiceless
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document --
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video
its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House
Skip this dreck ,
Skip this dreck
this dreck
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise ,
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise
to recovering from its demented premise
recovering from its demented premise
its demented premise
demented premise
overly melodramatic but
overly melodramatic
... a rather bland affair .
a rather bland affair .
a rather bland
rather bland
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
the unfulfilling , incongruous ,
the unfulfilling , incongruous
the unfulfilling
did I miss something ? ''
did I miss something ?
did I miss something
the fine line between cheese
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
do n't believe in Santa Claus
also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
sequels can never capture the magic of the original
can never capture the magic of the original
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores ,
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores
are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores
a single gag sequence
seem to be in two different movies
, it 's all surprisingly predictable .
it 's all surprisingly predictable .
's all surprisingly predictable .
's all surprisingly predictable
-- but never less than pure wankery .
but never less than pure wankery .
never less than pure wankery .
less than pure wankery .
less than pure wankery
than pure wankery
pure wankery
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip
this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip
predictable romantic comedy
should get a pink slip
Very stupid and annoying .
Very stupid and annoying
stupid and annoying
In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
bogs down in insignificance ,
bogs down in insignificance
in insignificance
saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
assassination
revealing nothing
the pathology it pretends to investigate
it pretends to investigate
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
a surprisingly anemic disappointment
surprisingly anemic disappointment
Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
the guise of a modern motion picture
it too is a bomb .
too is a bomb .
is a bomb .
is a bomb
a bomb
bomb
` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point
you missed the point
missed the point
Crummy .
weak on detail and
weak on detail
Nothing about this movie works .
Nothing about this movie
, his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
, sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
lacking in substance ,
lacking in substance
not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
dragged down by a leaden closing act
dragged down
A Lifetime movie
you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
burnt out
on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
curmudgeonly
grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .
this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles
this overstuffed , erratic dramedy
overstuffed , erratic dramedy
, erratic dramedy
erratic dramedy
he and his improbably forbearing wife
improbably forbearing wife
improbably forbearing
improbably
forbearing
craziness
Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller
Just another disjointed ,
Just another disjointed
another disjointed
fairly predictable psychological thriller
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
avoiding eye contact and
There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie ,
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie
forced drama
in this wildly uneven movie
wildly uneven movie
with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
inescapable past and uncertain future
very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
very shapable but largely unfulfilling
largely unfulfilling
Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .
Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
-- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
and some staggeringly boring cinema
some staggeringly boring cinema
staggeringly boring
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
the choppy editing
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
to the annoying score
the annoying score
annoying score
`` Besotted '' is misbegotten
is misbegotten
fragmentary
Ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing
Instead of trying to bust some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
bust
some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
ended up in a movie this bad
in a movie this bad
a movie this bad
this bad
Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling
Suffers from a decided lack
back-stabbing , inter-racial desire
I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays
found the movie as divided against itself
Dumber
A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
two not very absorbing characters
not very absorbing characters
you ca n't wait to see end .
speak fluent flatula
flatula
mimics everyone and everything
the run-of-the-mill singles blender
run-of-the-mill singles blender
the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier .
Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
, it 's pretty stupid .
it 's pretty stupid .
's pretty stupid .
's pretty stupid
pretty stupid
An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
its overinflated mythology
overinflated mythology
overinflated
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
cold porridge
's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
P -RRB-
Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
Full of the kind of obnoxious
the kind of obnoxious
of obnoxious
chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in
that only self-aware neurotics engage in
This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .
This dubious product
dubious product
Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
spectacularly ugly-looking broad
spectacularly ugly-looking
, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
sleep-inducingly
with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ,
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
clumsy dialogue ,
clumsy dialogue
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
phoney-feeling sentiment
phoney-feeling
an overly-familiar set
may never again
disgust ,
disgust
Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
Coarse , cliched and clunky
, cliched and clunky
cliched and clunky
cliched and
, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
trifling
in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
for no better reason
squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
of a truly frightening situation
a truly frightening situation
it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
-LRB- and misses -RRB-
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly
looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly
The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
seriously dumb characters ,
seriously dumb characters
seriously dumb
which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
dilutes the pleasure of watching them
creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness
creepy-crawly bug things
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB-
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB-
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer
badly edited , 91-minute trailer
badly edited
, 91-minute trailer
91-minute trailer
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
to get a coherent rhythm going
stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
stifled
fast-forward
been better
Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
Borrows from other movies
the most ordinary and obvious fashion
most ordinary and obvious
ordinary and obvious
You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
pornography or documentary
a kind of Ghandi gone bad
of Ghandi gone bad
Ghandi gone bad
of pure misogynist evil
pure misogynist evil
misogynist evil
misogynist
A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
A sham
construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
ill-wrought hypothesis
sorrow
Banal and predictable .
Banal and predictable
Banal and
You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .
expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .
expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup
expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB-
this cliche pileup
cliche pileup
With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
the absence of narrative continuity
Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
is nearly incoherent ,
is nearly incoherent
nearly incoherent
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
it 's impossible to care who wins
risky
In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
In the wrong hands
wrong hands
, i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
's , it 's simply unbearable
it 's simply unbearable
's simply unbearable
Two hours of junk .
Two hours of junk
of junk
, easily forgettable film .
easily forgettable film .
easily forgettable film
forgettable film
So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals
about a family of sour immortals
sour immortals
The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
impervious
into the sort of heartache everyone
heartache everyone
When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
its intended audience has n't yet had much science
, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre
does a disservice
a disservice
disservice
By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course
halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course
halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and ,
halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it ,
halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it
through this picture I was beginning to hate it
I was beginning to hate it
was beginning to hate it
beginning to hate it
to hate it
feeling guilty for it
feeling guilty
seedy clash
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast ,
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast
What 's most offensive
's most offensive
the waste of a good cast
the waste
's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
bogus spiritualism
insecure
mothers ,
It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year
quite one of the worst movies of the year
by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude
An almost unbearably morbid love story .
An almost unbearably morbid
almost unbearably morbid
almost unbearably
There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
just more of the same ,
just more of the same
done with noticeably less energy and imagination
noticeably less energy and imagination
noticeably less
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote
is distressingly rote
distressingly rote
distressingly
It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
's a real shame
a real shame
real shame
that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
is a slapdash mess
a slapdash mess
slapdash mess
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste --
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
, despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz
mild hallucinogenic buzz
, is of overwhelming waste
is of overwhelming waste
of overwhelming waste
overwhelming waste
the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
haute
ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
there 's nothing resembling a spine here
's nothing resembling a spine here
odd , rapt spell
Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
it 's also not very good .
's also not very good .
's also not very good
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
scratching your head in amazement over the fact
ill-advised and poorly
ill-advised and
ill-advised
Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
to tiresome jargon
tiresome jargon
Dull and mechanical , kinda
Dull and mechanical ,
Dull and mechanical
like a very goofy museum exhibit
know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
spend on a ticket
Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger -
lionize its title character and exploit his anger
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon
easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and
easy sanctimony
a ham-fisted sermon
that puts another notch
of the long list of renegade-cop tales
the long list of renegade-cop tales
The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
the disappointingly generic nature
disappointingly generic nature
little fuss or noise
fuss or noise
is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
is unsettling
from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
the preposterous hairpiece
preposterous hairpiece
worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
villainous father
to the endless action sequences
the endless action sequences
a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
prickly indie comedy
prickly
misanthropy
Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part
it is an uneven film for the most part
is an uneven film for the most part
an uneven film for the most part
uneven film
While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
and Two Smoking Barrels
, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
can be made on the cheap
be made on the cheap
made on the cheap
the cheap
It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
It may not be a great piece of filmmaking ,
It may not be a great piece of filmmaking
may not be a great piece of filmmaking
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
a social injustice , at least
social injustice
A predictable , manipulative stinker .
A predictable , manipulative stinker
predictable , manipulative stinker
, manipulative
plummets into a comedy graveyard
into a comedy graveyard
As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
, ` Swept Away ' sinks .
` Swept Away ' sinks .
sinks .
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ...
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
This painfully unfunny farce
painfully unfunny farce
painfully unfunny
traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
traffics in tired stereotypes
in tired stereotypes
tired stereotypes
encumbers itself with complications
encumbers itself
have no bearing on the story
no bearing on the story
if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
a few cheap
Make like the title and dodge this one .
Make like the title and dodge this one
dodge this one
Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
The problem with `` XXX ''
is that its own action is n't very effective .
is that its own action is n't very effective
that its own action is n't very effective
its own action is n't very effective
is n't very effective
, it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
emphasizes style over character and substance
style over character and substance
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit ,
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
an autopilot Hollywood concoction
Hollywood concoction
lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and
Remove Spider-Man the movie
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen
such a blip on the year 's radar screen
a blip
It 's uninteresting .
's uninteresting .
's uninteresting
Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
Little more than a well-mounted history lesson
Leave it
terrifying angst
into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy
a cheap thriller
a dumb comedy
dumb comedy
Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
An incredibly narrow in-joke
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
of an already obscure demographic
an already obscure demographic
already obscure
Bluer than the Atlantic
than an autopsy , the movie
an autopsy , the movie
Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler
inside the mess that is World Traveler
the mess that is World Traveler
the mess
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
is a mediocre movie trying to get out
a mediocre movie trying to get out
a mediocre movie
get out
transcends ethnic lines .
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
I am baffled by Jason X.
am baffled by Jason X.
baffled by Jason X.
It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
, incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
, vicious and absurd
vicious and absurd
vicious and
a doubt
Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
increasingly threadbare
on the soullessness of work
the soullessness
soullessness
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
New ways of describing badness
of describing badness
describing badness
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
invented to describe exactly how bad it is
to describe exactly how bad it is
describe exactly how bad it is
exactly how bad it is
exactly how bad
A film that suffers because of its many excesses .
film that suffers because of its many excesses .
film that suffers because of its many excesses
that suffers because of its many excesses
suffers because of its many excesses
its many excesses
many excesses
life 's harshness
-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .
-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but
-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
-RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
`` shock humor ''
will wear thin on all
wear thin on all
wear thin
Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
auto-critique
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
its clumsiness
clumsiness
as its own most damning censure
its own most damning censure
own most damning censure
most damning censure
most damning
as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind
of the worst possibilities of mankind
the worst possibilities of mankind
the worst possibilities
worst possibilities
The film is flat .
is flat .
the delusions
unstable
inmates
, my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
that gave people seizures
gave people seizures
every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
been exhausted by documentarians
exhausted by documentarians
little-known perspective
A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed
wildly unsentimental but flawed
wildly unsentimental but
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
the criminal world
, Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
, not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
not-nearly
- as-nasty -
as-nasty -
thinks-it-is joke
Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
Dripping with cliche and
Dripping with cliche
with cliche
bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
to trivialize the material
Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them ,
nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them
in this flat effort
this flat effort
flat effort
My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
is a lumbering , wheezy drag
a lumbering , wheezy drag
lumbering , wheezy
lumbering
wheezy
Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .
with Guardian hack Nick Davies
hack Nick Davies
has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon
a florid turn
keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
do n't go out of your way to pay full price
A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
A horrible , 99-minute
horrible , 99-minute
stink bomb .
stink
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable --
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable
A laughable -- or rather
A laughable --
unlaughable
excuse for a film
A big fat pain .
big fat pain .
Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
that makes Michael Jordan jealous
Jordan jealous
jealous
The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but
The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in .
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
convinced of its own brilliance
that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
you 'd want to smash its face in
want to smash its face in
to smash its face in
smash its face in
I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
long-on-the-shelf
A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
B-movie imagination
whose boozy , languid
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
less a story
an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population
an inexplicable nightmare ,
an inexplicable nightmare
inexplicable nightmare
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
of unbridled greed and materalism
The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking
a lazy exercise
lazy exercise
in bad filmmaking
bad filmmaking
that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but
Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics
a few cheap shocks
few cheap shocks
cheap shocks
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
mysterious and brutal nature
, it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
's a pretty mediocre family film .
's a pretty mediocre family film
a pretty mediocre family film
pretty mediocre
even while his characters are acting horribly
while his characters are acting horribly
his characters are acting horribly
are acting horribly
acting horribly
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes ,
Makes the same mistake as the music industry
the same mistake as the music industry
the same mistake
so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
watered-down
it almost loses what made you love it
loses what made you love it
Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
another genre exercise ,
another genre exercise
is as generic as its title .
is as generic as its title
as generic as its title
An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
, worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
, worse ,
, worse
In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
, it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
too fast
too slow
Get out your pooper-scoopers .
Get out your pooper-scoopers
your pooper-scoopers
pooper-scoopers
The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
The one not-so-small problem with Expecting
one not-so-small problem
not-so-small problem
is that the entire exercise has no real point
that the entire exercise has no real point
the entire exercise has no real point
has no real point
no real point
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner
filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner
quickly writes himself into a corner
` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
almost as much as they love themselves
Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
warning you
that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
you 're going to face frightening late fees
're going to face frightening late fees
going to face frightening late fees
to face frightening late fees
face frightening late fees
frightening late fees
late fees
messy and frustrating ,
messy and frustrating
messy and
But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie
you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie
, it is n't much fun .
it is n't much fun .
is n't much fun .
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
too clear
this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
schlocky horror\/action hybrid
its drawbacks
drawbacks
Wang -RRB-
The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest ,
seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest
too pat and familiar to hold my interest
diverting grim message
grim message
Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
has already reached its expiration date
reached its expiration date
expiration date
Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash
the usual cafeteria goulash
cafeteria goulash
of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and
fart jokes , masturbation jokes ,
fart jokes ,
masturbation jokes
racist Japanese jokes
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
puzzle whose pieces do not fit
whose pieces do not fit
do not fit
Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens
scenario that will give most parents pause ...
something terrible happens
through a prism
tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry
tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters
a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters
low-budget movie
inexperienced children play the two main characters
might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry
Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
, I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ...
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces
in a giant pile of elephant feces
a giant pile of elephant feces
of elephant feces
elephant feces
positively dreadful
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But
Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
conventional ,
legal battle
This is just lazy writing .
is just lazy writing .
is just lazy writing
is just lazy
just lazy
Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently
seems to want to be a character study ,
Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs
Contrived , awkward and
Contrived , awkward
, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
someone other than the director
The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive
about as humorous
watching your favorite pet get buried alive
your favorite pet get buried alive
Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
, a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style
cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style
adrift in various New York City locations
no unifying rhythm or visual style
no unifying rhythm or
no unifying rhythm
forgive its mean-spirited second half
its mean-spirited second half
mean-spirited second half
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
the thornier aspects
thornier
Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
, we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
'd prefer a simple misfire
a simple misfire
simple misfire
This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
, with enough negatives
with enough negatives
negatives
outweigh the positives
, the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
more editing
Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
, it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
is twice as bestial but half as funny .
is twice as bestial but half as funny
twice as bestial but half as funny
as bestial
An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily
ugly-duckling
so hideously and clumsily
hideously and clumsily
hideously and
it feels accidental
About the best thing you could say about Narc
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
should be relegated to a dark video store corner
be relegated to a dark video store corner
relegated to a dark video store corner
is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
is somehow making its way instead to theaters
barely gets by on its artistic merits
meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
easily skippable
skippable
... unbearably lame .
unbearably lame .
lame .
Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
lacks the charisma and ability
An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike
yet depressing film
yet depressing
the molehill
It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
's got the brawn , but not the brains
got the brawn , but not the brains
the brawn , but not the brains
Too ordinary
some creepy scenes
that evoke childish night terrors
evoke childish night terrors
gross out the audience
gross out
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat
The slapstick is labored , and
The slapstick is labored ,
The slapstick is labored
is labored
the bigger setpieces flat
almost impossible
Less than fresh .
Less than fresh
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ;
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness
squanders Chan 's uniqueness
be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ,
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
low-grade dreck
low-grade
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
goes straight to video
straight to video
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
a lousy script ,
a lousy script
lousy script
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
inept direction ,
pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
poorly dubbed
dialogue and murky cinematography
and murky cinematography
murky cinematography
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series ,
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
, The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
, it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
a porno flick
porno flick
porno
-LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going
Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going
It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside ,
went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
help this movie one bit
Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
the very hollowness of the character he plays
the very hollowness
very hollowness
hollowness
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
the script 's flaws
anguish , anger and frustration
anger and frustration
anger and
all its moodiness
moodiness
pretentious .
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional
Been there , done that , liked it much better
Been there , done that ,
there , done that ,
While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight .
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight
's equally distasteful
equally distasteful
As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program
, dramatized PBS program
dramatized PBS program
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ...
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
Ludicrous '
the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated
the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males
is all too calculated
It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ,
It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but
I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables
'm not generally a fan of vegetables
Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness
has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness
sappiness
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier ,
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier
that movie was pretty bad
pretty bad
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ...
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie
fishy
its moment
I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered
seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered
seen such self-amused trash
such self-amused trash
self-amused trash
since Freddy Got Fingered
With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't
the cheesiest
, it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
is more likely to induce sleep than fright
more likely to induce sleep than fright
likely to induce sleep than fright
to induce sleep than fright
induce sleep than fright
induce sleep
would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
punk kids '
Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
is so deadly dull
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
watching the proverbial paint dry
the proverbial paint dry
nervy , risky
give herself over
It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
barely tolerable slog
barely tolerable
slog
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
such a horrible movie
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
worst cinematic tragedies
cinematic tragedies
That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
has popped up with more mindless drivel
popped up with more mindless drivel
more mindless drivel
more mindless
The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
hard to make the most of a bumper
a bumper
cast , but never quite gets off the ground
Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
trudge out of the theater feeling
trudge out
trudge
as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
rode the Zipper
a corn dog
for technical flaws to get in the way
technical flaws to get in the way
technical flaws
drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks
drug dealers ,
drug dealers
unsavory
Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
an uninspired philosophical epiphany
uninspired philosophical
stuck around for this long
Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all -
hollow , self-indulgent , and
hollow , self-indulgent ,
hollow , self-indulgent
- worst of all -
before becoming mired in sentimentality
becoming mired in sentimentality
its screwed-up characters
screwed-up characters
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film
loud , low-budget and tired formula film
loud , low-budget and tired
, low-budget and tired
low-budget and tired
low-budget and
cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama
Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
glossy melodrama
When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
-LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
-RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
angry potshots
Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
devolves into a laugh-free lecture
into a laugh-free lecture
laugh-free lecture
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort
underdeveloped effort
underdeveloped
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
coming back from Stock Character camp
Stock Character camp
a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
drowsy drama
drowsy
by its own pretentious self-examination
its own pretentious self-examination
own pretentious self-examination
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows
A baffling subplot
falls flat
, you 'd better have a good alternative
` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
this poor remake of such a well loved classic
this poor remake
poor remake
, Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision
the limitations of his skill and
the limitations of his skill
the basic flaws in his vision
the basic flaws
basic flaws
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor
Offers no new insight on the matter ,
Offers no new insight on the matter
Offers no new insight
no new insight
... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
a low rate Annie
low rate Annie
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan ,
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan
some kid who ca n't act , only
who ca n't act
ca n't act
weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
weirdo actor Crispin Glover
screwing things up old school
screwing
-LRB- A -RRB- poorly executed comedy .
poorly executed comedy .
, Snide and Prejudice .
Snide and Prejudice .
Snide and Prejudice
Snide and
Snide
relying on animation or dumb humor
dumb humor
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial .
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey
feels incredibly hokey
incredibly hokey
hokey
it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial
-RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial
comes off like a Hallmark commercial
Hallmark commercial
horrors ! -RRB-
horrors !
is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
more celluloid
to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
by Southern blacks as distilled
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch ,
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
's a hellish ,
's a hellish
numbing experience to watch
numbing experience
numbing
it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media
in the media
The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series
more like the pilot episode of a TV series
A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
A profoundly stupid affair
profoundly stupid affair
profoundly stupid
, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
hackneyed and meanspirited
hackneyed and
with cardboard characters and performers
cardboard characters and performers
value cash above credibility .
inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
to arrest development in a dead-end existence
arrest development in a dead-end existence
in a dead-end existence
a dead-end existence
dead-end existence
`` Far From Heaven ''
The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
The film starts promisingly , but
the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
is all too predictable and far too cliched
all too predictable and far too cliched
too predictable and far too cliched
too predictable and
far too cliched
too cliched
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
gets bogged down over 140 minutes
bogged down over 140 minutes
down over 140 minutes
to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but
The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper
it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
Big mistake .
mistake .
Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making
less compelling than the circumstances of its making
For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
spies
, `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
`` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
, alone , should scare any sane person away .
alone , should scare any sane person away .
, should scare any sane person away .
should scare any sane person away .
should scare any sane person away
scare any sane person away
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke -
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke
Another boorish movie
boorish movie
boorish
at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting
Unwieldy contraption .
Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
even dies .
dies .
a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
nearly as graphic but much
made a movie that is n't just offensive
a movie that is n't just offensive
is n't just offensive
just offensive
It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
ravishing waif
a smear
smear
's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
for cheap porn
cheap porn
The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
The only pain
only pain
grumbling
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming
Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
Wanders
all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
while failing to find a spark of its own
failing to find a spark of its own
It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen
depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen
to see how far Herzog has fallen
how far Herzog has fallen
Herzog has fallen
overly complicated
You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
save everyone the misery
to be ignored
Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
emptiness and maddeningly
emptiness and
maddeningly
sedate
What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
should have been a cutting Hollywood satire
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety
usual fluttering and stammering
the soul of a man in pain
a man in pain
in pain
-LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original .
-LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original
stale retread of the '53 original
stale retread
It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
seem graceless and ugly
graceless and ugly
Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
overworked
Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests
not into high-tech splatterfests
splatterfests
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
take the warning literally
something more user-friendly
's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .
's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
mindless junk
The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
hollow tribute
Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
Underachieves only
Underachieves
in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things
lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things
waiting to spoil things
to spoil things
spoil things
are painfully aware of their not-being
painfully aware of their not-being
at a grade-school audience
grade-school audience
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered --
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
essentially ruined -- or , rather ,
essentially ruined -- or , rather
essentially ruined -- or ,
essentially ruined -- or
essentially ruined --
This is n't exactly profound cinema , but
This is n't exactly profound cinema ,
is n't exactly profound cinema
A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
A pathetic exploitation film
pathetic exploitation film
exploitation film
tries to seem sincere , and just
seems worse for the effort .
seems worse for the effort
The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB- is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .
The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB-
-LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB-
which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB-
which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
Freddy Gets Molested
Gets Molested
Molested
is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
get lost in the murk of its own making
lost in the murk of its own making
in the murk of its own making
the murk of its own making
murk
It hates its characters .
hates its characters
fiendishly
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
most jaded cinema audiences
will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
dizzy
, confused , and totally disorientated
confused , and totally disorientated
, and totally disorientated
and totally disorientated
totally disorientated
disorientated
Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
, intellectually and logistically a mess .
intellectually and logistically a mess .
it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
lacks originality to make it a great movie
Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
manages for but a few seconds
for but a few seconds
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
really , save your disgust and your indifference
, save your disgust and your indifference
your disgust and your indifference
your disgust
your indifference
The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
, the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
is wrong in its sequel .
is wrong in its sequel
of a war zone
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
succeeded only in making me groggy
only in making me groggy
in making me groggy
making me groggy
groggy
is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .
is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that
If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
are n't your bailiwick
, stay away .
stay away .
stay away
Almost nothing else
raunchy and graphic
is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited
one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited
one-sided , outwardly sexist or
one-sided , outwardly sexist
one-sided ,
outwardly sexist
Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death ,
muddled drama
feels impersonal , almost generic .
feels impersonal , almost generic
impersonal , almost generic
, almost generic
almost generic
playwriting 101 premise
derivative , overlong , and bombastic --
derivative , overlong , and bombastic
, overlong , and bombastic
overlong , and bombastic
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real --
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real
really has no place to go since Simone is not real
has no place to go since Simone is not real
is not real
she ca n't provide any conflict
provide any conflict
There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie
An unsuccessful attempt
unsuccessful attempt
unsuccessful
Many shallower movies these days seem too long ,
Many shallower movies these days seem too long
shallower
these days seem too long
seem too long
is egregiously short
egregiously short
egregiously
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor ,
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor
did they not have the nerve to speak up
A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya
A not-so-Divine Secrets
not-so-Divine
Re-Fried Green Tomatoes
Re-Fried
keep parents away
But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
are lukewarm and quick to pass .
lukewarm and quick to pass
lukewarm and
an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage
unnatural
blasts of rage
rage
later , violent jealousy
violent jealousy
The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
is in need of a scented bath .
is in need of a scented bath
in need of a scented bath
need of a scented bath
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy
Almost as offensive
as offensive
The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution
The plot grows thin soon ,
The plot grows thin soon
grows thin soon
grows thin
you find yourself praying for a quick resolution
yourself praying for a quick resolution
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment
's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment
believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
a backseat in his own film
Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
difficult to connect with on any deeper level
It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
bad writing ,
bad direction and bad acting --
bad direction and bad acting
bad direction
bad acting
the trifecta of badness
of badness
Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director
overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director
overlong and not well-acted , but
overlong and not well-acted ,
overlong and not well-acted
overlong and
not well-acted
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive
occasionally interesting
mostly repetitive
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
that might be best forgotten
might be best forgotten
be best forgotten
best forgotten
You have no affinity for most of the characters .
have no affinity for most of the characters .
have no affinity for most of the characters
no affinity for most of the characters
no affinity
A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie
shamelessly manipulative
of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
assume is just another day of Brit cinema
another day of Brit cinema
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
a complete shambles
complete shambles
shambles
of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
so sloppy , so uneven , so
so sloppy , so uneven ,
so sloppy , so uneven
so sloppy ,
so sloppy
damn unpleasant
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu ,
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu
a nagging sense
nagging
the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking
is lacking
Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy
Too campy to work as straight drama and
Too campy to work as straight drama
too violent and sordid to function as comedy
too violent
sordid to function as comedy
, Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work
Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
bogged down
by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
an overly sillified plot and
an overly sillified plot
overly sillified plot
stop-and-start pacing
Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly
is so clumsily sentimental
so clumsily sentimental
directed it may leave you speaking in tongues
Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
a flat , unconvincing drama
flat , unconvincing drama
flat , unconvincing
, unconvincing
that never catches fire
never catches fire
into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through
the toughest ages a kid can go through
does n't know it 's a comedy .
does n't know it 's a comedy
The Armenian genocide
Armenian genocide
genocide
One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie
this supposedly funny movie
supposedly funny movie
supposedly funny
falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
falls to the floor with a sickening thud
to the floor with a sickening thud
with a sickening thud
a sickening thud
sickening thud
thud
Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
necessary to document all this emotional misery
to document all this emotional misery
all this emotional misery
this emotional misery
emotional misery
, but your ego
It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors
ends up being neither
being neither
fails at both endeavors
would n't have the guts to make .
Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club
, less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
intellectual bankruptcy
bankruptcy
Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy
the guise of a dark and quirky comedy
, but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
, but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
its comedy is generally mean-spirited
is generally mean-spirited
simply does n't
A real snooze .
real snooze .
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
started with a great premise and then just fell apart
then just fell apart
just fell apart
fell apart
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side
seems a bit on the skinny side
a bit on the skinny side
Panic
is interested in nothing
sucking you
sucking
This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy ,
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness ,
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness
bang your head on the seat in front of you ,
bang your head
at its cluelessness
cluelessness
its idiocy
at its utterly misplaced earnestness
its utterly misplaced earnestness
utterly misplaced earnestness
utterly misplaced
El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
salaciously simplistic .
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ...
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot
recycled plot
tiresome jokes
drag the movie down
drag the movie
Below is well below expectations .
is well below expectations .
is well below expectations
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
an essentially awkward version
essentially awkward version
awkward version
of the lightweight female empowerment
lightweight female empowerment
I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
she had to sit through it again
had to sit through it again
to sit through it again
the ` Are we a sick society
we a sick society
sick society
cruelly
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
lost his touch ,
lost his touch
in an admittedly middling film
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
, Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
as epic tragedy
callow rich boy
hate to like it .
It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
left a few crucial things out ,
left a few crucial things out
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and
understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
did n't connect with me would require another viewing
I wo n't be sitting through this one again
wo n't be sitting through this one again
Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
shoplifts shamelessly
shoplifts
farewell-to-innocence movies
Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
, you have a problem .
you have a problem .
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode ,
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
the movie dawdle
movie dawdle
brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
just does n't make sense
does n't make sense
Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
mugs mercilessly
the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between
Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore
this wo n't seem like such a bore
seem like such a bore
like such a bore
such a bore
those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
its standard formula
standard formula
, it feels more forced than usual .
it feels more forced than usual .
more forced than usual
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
cheap junk and
cheap junk
of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
the increasingly far-fetched events
increasingly far-fetched events
increasingly far-fetched
which is a pity
is a pity
How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
're watching an iceberg melt -- only
watching an iceberg melt -- only
's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
an actress , not quite a singer
Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
sinuously plotted
off-puttingly cold
off-puttingly
, Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
with cold vengefulness
cold vengefulness
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
about whose fate it is hard to care
is hard to care
hard to care
Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
all menace and atmosphere
No laughs .
light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
, extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
heavy-duty
needed to keep it from floating away
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness ,
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
docu-Dogma plainness
, nearly psychic nuances
comes across , rather unintentionally ,
Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice
pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice
Foolish Choices for advice
Foolish Choices
unhappily
is neither ... excessively strained and contrived
is neither ... excessively strained
excessively strained
that 's not much to hang a soap opera on
's not much to hang a soap opera on
to hang a soap opera on
hang a soap opera on
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue
is too mainstream
too mainstream
the psychology too textbook to intrigue
too textbook to intrigue
how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream
of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream
call the cops
, wildly gruesome
wildly gruesome
gruesome
sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .
sociopath
sadists
have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold
enough of plucky British eccentrics
unturned
The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project
that it 's a brazenly misguided project
it 's a brazenly misguided project
's a brazenly misguided project
a brazenly misguided project
brazenly misguided project
misguided project
It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too
feel like mopping up ,
feel like mopping up
the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme
the predictable parent
Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
Another wholly unnecessary addition
wholly unnecessary addition
wholly unnecessary
to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
the growing , moldering pile
growing , moldering pile
moldering pile
moldering
trashy time
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
seem tired and ,
seem tired
what 's worse , routine
's worse , routine
worse , routine
worse ,
like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
a big-budget , after-school special
big-budget , after-school special
, after-school special
lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
from its well-meaning clunkiness
well-meaning clunkiness
clunkiness
A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
A gratingly unfunny groaner
gratingly unfunny groaner
gratingly unfunny
groaner
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters
zero-dimensional
, unlikable characters
unlikable characters
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
threadbare comic setups
It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
making his wife look so bad in a major movie
his wife look so bad in a major movie
look so bad in a major movie
so bad in a major movie
bad in a major movie
does n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture .
Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture
to lament the loss of culture
lament the loss of culture
But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
, I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
the scariest guy
movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
frazzled wackiness and
frayed satire
been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
fumbled
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned .
will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
Not once does it come close to being exciting .
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
, you might soon be looking for a sign .
Should have gone straight to video .
have gone straight to video .
gone straight to video
What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
What 's missing
the ` wow ' factor
Perhaps the most annoying thing
the most annoying thing
most annoying
Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it
doubt it
Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
Lacks dramatic punch and depth
Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
of no real consequence
a sucker-punch
Zhang 's last film
What an embarrassment .
an embarrassment .
embarrassment .
a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
into a typical romantic triangle
`` Empire '' lacks in depth
Empire '' lacks in depth
'' lacks in depth
lacks in depth
As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
, it 's a pale imitation .
it 's a pale imitation .
's a pale imitation .
's a pale imitation
a pale imitation
pale imitation
Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ,
Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
nurtured his metaphors
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development
a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development
a fairly slow paced ,
a fairly slow paced
fairly slow paced
fairly slow
almost humdrum approach to character development
almost humdrum approach
, poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man
poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad ,
poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad
poorly acted ,
poorly acted
brain-slappingly bad
ludicrous enough
The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
dying a slow death
a slow death
slow death
if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
the poor quality of Pokemon 4
the poor quality
It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
the film 's story does not live up to its style
does not live up to its style
Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
has little to do with the story ,
has little to do with the story
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
about how lame
how lame
try and evade
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
should never , ever ,
leave a large dog alone
The movie is without intent .
is without intent .
Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
ca n't sustain it .
of a legal thriller
Too predictably , in fact .
Too predictably
spaghetti western
's 51 times better than this .
's 51 times better than this
better than this
might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
Seinfeld 's real life is boring
is boring
is impossible
Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
, director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
stifles creativity and
stifles creativity
allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
the film to drag on for nearly three hours
film to drag on for nearly three hours
to drag on for nearly three hours
drag on for nearly three hours
drag on
In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
feels homogenized and a bit contrived ,
feels homogenized and a bit contrived
homogenized and a bit contrived
we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
tattered and ugly past
Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
, romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
does n't figure in the present Hollywood program
It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
that makes as much of a mess as this one
makes as much of a mess as this one
as much of a mess as this one
a mess as this one
direction and complete lack
complete lack
Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable
sadly imitative of innumerable
imitative of innumerable
imitative
past Love Story derisions
The Pool drowned me in boredom .
drowned me in boredom .
drowned me in boredom
drowned me
in boredom
Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
, it 's still not a good movie
it 's still not a good movie
's still not a good movie
are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
mostly wordless ethnographic extras
devastated by war , famine and poverty and
devastated
the cruelty and suffering
cruelty and suffering
of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream ,
may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream
dour
deadpan tone
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform ,
given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform
relatively dry material
relatively dry
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive
erotically
become dullingly repetitive
dullingly repetitive
dullingly
whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that
whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess
flaws Igby
A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
yawn-provoking
little farm melodrama .
farm melodrama .
The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
is way , way off .
is way , way off
pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still ,
pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
pee-related
sight gags
that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
cause Tom Green a grimace
Tom Green a grimace
a grimace
grimace
not memorable
generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish
generically
Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
made but uninvolving
but uninvolving
Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one --
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one
a terrible movie , just
a terrible movie ,
a stultifyingly obvious one
stultifyingly obvious
an unrewarding collar
unrewarding collar
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
walled-off
he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and
who know nothing about the subject
think they
after the most awful acts are committed
the most awful acts are committed
the most awful acts
most awful acts
awful acts
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
overwhelming sadness
-LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate
credulous , unassuming , subordinate
, unassuming , subordinate
unassuming , subordinate
The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
The disjointed mess
disjointed mess
as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
Jolie 's hideous yellow
hideous yellow
hideous
Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
One of the worst films of 2002 .
One of the worst films of 2002
of the worst films of 2002
the worst films of 2002
Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
little less bling-bling and a lot more
little less bling-bling
less bling-bling
Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
, sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
sketchy characters and immature provocations
and immature provocations
immature provocations
can fully succeed at cheapening it .
succeed at cheapening it
at cheapening it
cheapening it
cheapening
Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
, there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable
none of them memorable
time , death
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ...
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
what annoyed me most about God is Great
annoyed me most about God is Great
annoyed
I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care
I 'm Not
I realized that I just did n't care
realized that I just did n't care
that I just did n't care
I just did n't care
just did n't care
did n't care
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,
The entire point of a shaggy dog story
is that it goes nowhere
that it goes nowhere
this is classic nowheresville in every sense
is classic nowheresville in every sense
nowheresville
tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
tells its story in a flat manner
in a flat manner
flat manner
leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
should have gotten more out of it than you did
As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies
merchandised-to-the-max
, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
for the playlist
have otherwise been bland and
been bland
run of the mill
B-movie you
sit through ,
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
's hard to like a film so cold and dead
hard to like a film so cold and dead
like a film so cold and dead
a film so cold and dead
so cold and dead
cold and dead
Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression
his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression
his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character
constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character
undermines the story 's continuity and progression
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ,
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
, it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
hooting
` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
Butterfingered
is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance
his clamorous approach
descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness
spectacle and
The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan
The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler ,
The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing
-LRB- and frustrating
is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
, after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
remains a complete blank
complete blank
compensate for corniness and cliche
corniness and cliche
decay
The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet
The film is explosive , but
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set
Jackass is a vulgar and
Jackass is a vulgar
is a vulgar
cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set
cheap-looking version of Candid Camera
cheap-looking version
cheap-looking
for the Marquis de Sade set
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated ,
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say ,
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and ,
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned
are so old-fashioned
so old-fashioned
's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
simply by accident
accident
realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
realize , much to our dismay ,
realize , much to our dismay
much to our dismay
to our dismay
our dismay
dismay
this uncharismatically
uncharismatically
There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
no solace here , no entertainment value ,
no solace here , no entertainment value
no solace here ,
no solace here
no entertainment value
almost forget the sheer
ponderous awfulness of its script .
ponderous awfulness of its script
awfulness of its script
My Wife 's plotting is nothing special
is nothing special
nothing special
little style
the chaos of an urban conflagration
with such fury
Those with a modicum of patience
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
, it 's exploitive without being insightful .
it 's exploitive without being insightful .
's exploitive without being insightful .
without being insightful
Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
that it defeats his larger purpose
it defeats his larger purpose
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
some futile concoction
futile concoction
futile
was developed hastily after Oedekerk
developed hastily
a college keg party
college keg party
This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
works on no level whatsoever for me .
works on no level whatsoever for me
on no level whatsoever for me
no level whatsoever for me
no level whatsoever
That 's not vintage Spielberg and
That 's not vintage Spielberg
's not vintage Spielberg
minimally satisfying
Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
how very bad a motion picture can truly be
how very bad
I still want my money back .
still want my money back .
want my money back .
want my money back
It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
's unfortunate
that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
sappy situations and dialogue
This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
mistaken-identity
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost
that the final product is a ghost
alienated
It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
's kind of sad
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
put so much time and energy into this turkey
into this turkey
Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
fails to spark this leaden comedy
this leaden comedy
Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
curiously tepid and choppy recycling
tepid and choppy recycling
and choppy recycling
choppy recycling
predictability is the only winner
The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
of the heart , one which it fails to get
the heart , one which it fails to get
one which it fails to get
which it fails to get
it fails to get
fails to get
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune ,
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune
Spreads itself too thin ,
Spreads itself too thin
too thin
gets under your skin and , some plot blips
` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying
is so self-pitying
self-pitying
I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .
It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down
it wore me down
Thumbs down .
Thumbs down
The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
two fatal ailments --
two fatal ailments
fatal ailments
ailments
a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
a dearth of vitality
a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
that 's shapeless and uninflected
shapeless and uninflected
shapeless and
looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic
awkward and ironic
awkward and
The film 's most improbable feat ?
most improbable
that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard
a bad imitation
bad imitation
sometimes confusing
in a dysfunctional family
Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time ,
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time
swipe 90 minutes of your time
this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin
as it is repetitious
it is repetitious
is repetitious
repetitious
blinding
Not the best Herzog
All mood and no movie .
The result is more depressing than liberating , but
The result is more depressing than liberating ,
The result is more depressing than liberating
is more depressing than liberating
more depressing than liberating
Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
utter authority
A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
wreckage
includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
falls back
on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
too many tried-and-true shenanigans
that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
loneliest dark spots
depressing but
-- the only good thing --
is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .
it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
so inane
it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape --
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse
no feelings
to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape
the flashback of the original rape
original rape
is overkill to the highest degree .
is overkill to the highest degree
overkill to the highest degree
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one
utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story
utterly ridiculous
Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
, getting there is not even half the interest .
getting there is not even half the interest .
is not even half the interest .
is not even half the interest
retooled genre piece
Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
somewhat backhanded
the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
the movie 's various victimized audience members
various victimized audience members
victimized
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
its questionable satirical ambivalence
questionable satirical ambivalence
questionable
ambivalence
a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
lost and desolate
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
the poor and the dispossessed
the poor and
Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
, a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
to mind : So why is this so boring ?
mind : So why is this so boring ?
why is this so boring ?
is this so boring ?
is this so boring
racial tension
If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
ploddingly melodramatic structure
Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
Devolves into the derivative
, leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects
on badly-rendered CGI effects
badly-rendered CGI effects
badly-rendered
overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia ,
its dying ,
its dying
Bad movie .
It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud
Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
that lacks juice and delight
lacks juice and delight
Hrs
do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
anti-establishment message
what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
that ends with a whimper
If there 's no art here
there 's no art here
's no art here
no art
with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late
the misfortune of being released a few decades too late
of being released a few decades too late
being released a few decades too late
diverting fluff
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back
Cinematic pratfalls
given a working over
to stop watching
stop watching
is so slight
the class warfare
class warfare
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant
he feels like a spectator and not a participant
feels like a spectator and not a participant
like a spectator and not a participant
not a participant
with the terrifying message
the terrifying message
terrifying message
the real horror may be waiting for us at home
loneliness and insecurity
slovenly life
self-deprecating , biting and witty feature
Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
feeble Tootsie knockoff .
Tootsie knockoff .
knockoff .
knockoff
It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but
ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation
rampant vampire devaluation
her life half-asleep
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults ,
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults
word ` dog '
lends itself to easy jokes and insults
to easy jokes and insults
easy jokes and insults
insults
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
scenes all end in someone screaming .
scenes all end in someone screaming
all end in someone screaming
, its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
its curmudgeon
does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
to be had from films crammed with movie references
from films crammed with movie references
films crammed with movie references
the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
when there 's nothing else happening
there 's nothing else happening
nothing else happening
it never moves beyond their surfaces
While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
, future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
a low-budget series on a UHF channel
a low-budget series
low-budget series
It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly
does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
, there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
an absurd finale
absurd finale
, fireballs and revenge
's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear
that it 's implosion
implosion
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
an inexpressible and drab wannabe
inexpressible and drab wannabe
and drab wannabe
drab wannabe
By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
, interest can not be revived .
interest can not be revived .
can not be revived .
can not be revived
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional
a hokey piece of nonsense
a hokey piece
of nonsense
that tries too hard to be emotional
tries too hard to be emotional
hard to be emotional
And for all the wrong reasons besides .
for all the wrong reasons besides .
wrong reasons
Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth ,
an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
are a little too big for her mouth
too big
does n't have all the answers
Less cinematically powerful
small ...
the desperation of a very insecure man
very insecure
for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
for a critical and commercial disaster
a critical and commercial disaster
critical and commercial disaster
Wewannour money back , actually .
Wewannour money back , actually
Wewannour money back ,
Wewannour money back
Wewannour money
Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
Deserving of its critical backlash and more
of its critical backlash and more
its critical backlash
critical backlash
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie
ends up as a bitter pill
as a bitter pill
a bitter pill
bitter pill
about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap
starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap
a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
gross-out gags
on top of the same old crap
top of the same old crap
of the same old crap
the same old crap
same old crap
old crap
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike
to be distasteful to children and adults alike
be distasteful to children and adults alike
be distasteful to children and adults
, Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
is a total misfire .
is a total misfire
a total misfire
total misfire
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
weighs down his capricious fairy-tale
lightweight meaning
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
seems embarrassed by his own invention and
seems embarrassed by his own invention
seems embarrassed
tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
rush through
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
the glaring triteness of the plot device
glaring triteness
triteness
One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial
hour-and-a-half-long commercial
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick .
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
` it 's just a kids ' flick
it 's just a kids ' flick
of motherhood and desperate mothers
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ...
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
the shallow sensationalism characteristic
more salacious telenovela than serious drama
A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ...
'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
ate
's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
an incongruous summer playoff
incongruous summer playoff
again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
is long gone
This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
if you only had a week to live
only had a week to live
It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
DeNiro 's once promising career
as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
discord
The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
hypertime in reverse
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin
The story is bogus and
The story is bogus
its characters tissue-thin
Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film
plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film
plodding soap opera
disguised as a feature film
For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
of American Pie hijinks
, they 'll probably run out screaming .
they 'll probably run out screaming .
'll probably run out screaming .
run out screaming
Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title
to use the word `` new '' in its title
because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
Totally overwrought ,
Totally overwrought
deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
deeply biased , and wholly
deeply biased , and
deeply biased ,
deeply biased
biased
designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
the banality and hypocrisy
banality and hypocrisy
of too much kid-vid
too much kid-vid
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing
ugly , mean-spirited lashing
, mean-spirited lashing
mean-spirited lashing
out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
his kids to watch too many Barney videos
kids to watch too many Barney videos
too many Barney videos
A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
such a tragedy
trivializing it
endure almost unimaginable horror
almost unimaginable horror
unimaginable horror
unimaginable
Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major
character-who-shall - remain-nameless
, why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
Not so much farcical as sour .
so much farcical as sour .
so much farcical
Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
result in a movie that works against itself .
result in a movie that works against itself
in a movie that works against itself
that works against itself
works against itself
The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
until the slowest viewer grasps it
the slowest viewer grasps it
slowest
without being memorable
in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy
no way original , or even
no way original ,
no way original
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
Completely awful Iranian drama ...
Completely awful Iranian drama
Completely awful
a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored
merely crassly flamboyant
crassly flamboyant
comedically labored
There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
a nearly terminal case
nearly terminal case
nearly terminal
's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
as funny nor
of adolescent sturm und drang
rejects
dramatize life 's messiness
messiness
This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story
is hell .
is hell
no way
you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
you exit the theater
exit the theater
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
The film 's hero is a bore and
The film 's hero is a bore
is a bore
his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
questionable kind
of inexcusable dumb innocence
inexcusable dumb
inexcusable
Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
is unashamedly pro-Serbian
makes little attempt to give voice to the other side
makes little attempt
little attempt
It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
It looks good , but it is essentially empty
it is essentially empty
Slap her - she 's not funny !
Slap her - she 's not funny
she 's not funny
's not funny
The story plays out slowly ,
The story plays out slowly
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop ,
the thinness of its characterizations
makes it a failure as straight drama
it a failure as straight drama
a failure as straight drama
The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom
This is n't a movie ;
This is n't a movie
make you feel like a sucker
you feel like a sucker
like a sucker
, Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
when one has nothing else to watch
one has nothing else to watch
has nothing else to watch
Eight Legged Freaks ?
Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
Wallace directs with such patronising reverence
with such patronising reverence
such patronising reverence
patronising reverence
patronising
it turns the stomach .
turns the stomach
No , I hate it .
, I hate it .
I hate it .
hate it .
It 's drab .
's drab .
's drab
The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
described as a ghost story gone badly awry
as a ghost story gone badly awry
a ghost story gone badly awry
gone badly awry
badly awry
awry
An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
uneven dialogue and plot lapses
dialogue and plot lapses
plot lapses
Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin ,
Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
, the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
are too strange and dysfunctional
too strange and dysfunctional
to ever get under the skin
under the skin
Scratch for a lesson in scratching
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip --
fuzziness
Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
Not only is it hokey
is it hokey
, manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk
manipulative and as bland
and as bland
, but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches
but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us :
but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
It preaches
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before ,
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before
does n't give us anything we have n't seen before
give us anything we have n't seen before
The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
The story has its redundancies , and
The story has its redundancies ,
The story has its redundancies
has its redundancies
redundancies
the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
the young actors , not very experienced
are sometimes inexpressive
sometimes inexpressive
inexpressive
Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
of spectacular belly flops
spectacular belly flops
flops
... Watching it was painful .
Watching it was painful .
Watching it was painful
was painful
While not for every taste
not for every taste
of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
to direct-to-video irrelevancy
irrelevancy
reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
-LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
-RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and
do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages
do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
do anything
as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
new movie rapes
movie rapes
incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
there , done that ... a thousand times already
done that ... a thousand times already
done that ... a thousand times
Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
Each scene wreaks of routine ;
Each scene wreaks of routine
the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads
as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
rape and
fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country
fill the after-school slot
Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place
a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place
The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be
is n't as compelling or as believable
little-remembered
But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
is ultimately quite unengaging .
is ultimately quite unengaging
quite unengaging
unengaging
Fluffy and disposible .
Fluffy and disposible
disposible
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
undercuts its charm
The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption
overrides
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ...
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
kills every sense of believability
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
no-surprise series
no-surprise
while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
's not trying to laugh at how bad
trying to laugh at how bad
to laugh at how bad
laugh at how bad
The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
easy , cynical potshots
morally bankrupt characters
morally bankrupt
Hollywood excess
Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable
serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable
serves as a rather thin moral
a rather thin moral
rather thin moral
rather thin
go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
unnoticed and underappreciated
unnoticed
passing twinkle
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
lose their luster
is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score
maddeningly insistent and repetitive
insistent and repetitive
that made me want to scream
made me want to scream
me want to scream
If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you
the predictability of bland comfort food
the predictability
of bland comfort food
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
in cynicism every bit
cynicism every bit
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and
as ugly as the shabby digital photography
ugly as the shabby digital photography
as the shabby digital photography
the shabby digital photography
shabby digital photography
muddy sound
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
Just another generic drama
another generic drama
generic drama
that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
of obligatory cheap
obligatory cheap
The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
This kiddie-oriented stinker
kiddie-oriented stinker
is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
trying to sneak out of the theater
to sneak out of the theater
sneak out of the theater
The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
pushing the jokes at the expense of character
at the expense of character
until things fall apart
Two-bit potboiler .
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' -
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub '
plot holes sink this ` sub '
sink this ` sub '
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm
drag audience enthusiasm
to crush depth
's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script ,
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
fritters away
its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
via a banal script
a banal script
banal script
unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
you are wet in some places
creeping in others
creeping
gives the lie
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever
is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie
the most disappointing Woody Allen movie
most disappointing Woody Allen movie
most disappointing
Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
Only masochistic moviegoers
masochistic moviegoers
masochistic
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
big excuse
to play one lewd scene after another
play one lewd scene after another
hardscrabble lives
people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
the economic fringes
Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
-LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang
suffered and bled
hard ground
, I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
touched by an unprecedented tragedy
an unprecedented tragedy
Collapses under its own meager weight .
Collapses under its own meager weight
under its own meager weight
its own meager weight
own meager weight
meager weight
meager
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
are underwhelming
underwhelming
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
Abysmally pathetic
Abysmally
A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise
A farce
of a parody of a comedy of a premise
, it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
a commentary about our knowledge of films
a commentary
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
tendentious intervention
tendentious
Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy
That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition
matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
childlike dimness and
childlike dimness
dimness
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots
is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage
degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage
Blair Witch video-cam footage
video-cam footage
take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane
send it down the path of the mundane
down the path of the mundane
the path of the mundane
the mundane
What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
's really sad
is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
this junk
TV sitcom material at best
TV sitcom material
sitcom material
dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify
with ` issues '
A weird , arresting little ride
mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
a child 's pain
his dead mother
dead mother
's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .
's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
crazy work
merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title
An unremarkable ,
modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy ,
his dependence on slapstick
defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable
, unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable
unsubtle and
Hollywood-predictable
of a pesky mother
a pesky mother
pesky mother
interfering
their closed-off nationalist reality
see a devastating comic impersonation
a devastating comic impersonation
The sentimental script has problems
pick up the slack
Opera on film is never satisfactory .
is never satisfactory .
is never satisfactory
I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience
offended by his lack of faith in his audience
offended
his lack of faith in his audience
by anything on display
Humor in I Spy is so anemic .
is so anemic
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length
fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless
ultimately lifeless
You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
is n't going to jell
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation
in modern alienation
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy ,
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
gay s\/m fantasy
enervating
deadeningly drawn-out
deadeningly
drawn-out
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category :
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes
drifts aimlessly
unembarrassing but unmemorable
but unmemorable
sex threatens to overwhelm everything else
to overwhelm everything else
overwhelm everything else
An opportunity missed .
resolved easily , or soon
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
the dorkier aspects
of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera
mundane soap opera
None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film :
None of his actors stand out , but
None of his actors stand out ,
None of his actors stand out
have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
entered the bizarre realm
bizarre realm
where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract
flabbergasting principals
If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
, that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
be much funnier than anything in the film
A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy
A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic
A film neither bitter nor sweet
neither romantic nor comedic
warm nor fuzzy
Painfully padded .
padded .
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ,
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
is worse :
is worse
The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
The part where nothing 's happening ,
where nothing 's happening
nothing 's happening
it 's stupid
's stupid
giving up
it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it
's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it
's not an easy movie to watch and
will probably disturb many who see it
disturb many who see it
The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
connection or identification frustratingly
out of reach
Drug abuse , infidelity and
Drug abuse
Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
melodramatic paranormal romance
is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
is an all-time low for Kevin Costner
an all-time low for Kevin Costner
an all-time low
all-time low
The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
... is dudsville .
is dudsville .
is dudsville
dudsville
Do n't say you were n't warned .
Do n't say you were n't warned
say you were n't warned
It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears
a movie as artificial and soulless
as artificial and soulless
artificial and soulless
an angry bark
while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
to wear down possible pupils through repetition
wear down possible pupils through repetition
wear down possible pupils
wear down
Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression
film ' in the worst sense of the expression
in the worst sense of the expression
the worst sense of the expression
the worst sense
worst sense
An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
only without much energy or tension
without much energy or tension
A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
succeed in alienating most viewers
alienating most viewers
alienating most
alienating
intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart
has the power to deform families , then tear them apart
power to deform families , then tear them apart
to deform families , then tear them apart
deform families , then tear them apart
deform families , then
deform families ,
deform families
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
the most poorly staged and lit action
most poorly staged and lit action
most poorly staged and lit
most poorly staged and
most poorly staged
poorly staged
, Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
is as close as you can get to an imitation movie
get to an imitation movie
an imitation movie
imitation movie
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts --
stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
He 's afraid of His best-known creation
, there 's something creepy about this movie .
something creepy about this movie
McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
shows crushingly little curiosity about ,
shows crushingly little curiosity about
ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
ill-equipped
to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less
It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
that 's neither completely enlightening , nor
that 's neither completely enlightening ,
that 's neither completely enlightening
I do n't think this movie loves women at all .
do n't think this movie loves women at all
think this movie loves women at all
If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny
The Master of Disguise is funny -- not
, `` dead circus performer '' funny
Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
buzz , blab and money
blab and
of the painstaking
the painstaking
Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
like one long
meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
An unholy mess ,
An unholy mess
unholy mess
unholy
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
driven by the pathetic idea
by the pathetic idea
the pathetic idea
pathetic idea
that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
something on crummy-looking videotape
on crummy-looking videotape
crummy-looking videotape
is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .
is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch
is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up ,
is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
so grainy and rough ,
so grainy and rough
that it 's exhausting to watch
it 's exhausting to watch
's exhausting to watch
exhausting to watch
Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
Cold , pretentious ,
Cold , pretentious
dislikable study in sociopathy .
dislikable study in sociopathy
dislikable
the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
by surrounding himself with untalented people
surrounding himself with untalented people
with untalented people
untalented people
The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
The biggest problem I have
-LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB-
other than the very sluggish pace -RRB-
than the very sluggish pace
very sluggish pace
very sluggish
is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing
Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick
Has the marks of a septuagenarian ;
a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick
a crusty treatment
crusty
it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
is not the most impressive player
's too bad nothing else is .
's too bad nothing else is
too bad nothing else is
bad nothing else is
The crap continues .
The crap
Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
another routine Hollywood frightfest
Hollywood frightfest
in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
slack execution
the absurdity of the premise
When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
casting call
, it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
ambition but no sense of pride or shame
but no sense of pride or shame
no sense of pride or shame
Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
best spent elsewhere
spent elsewhere
The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
, like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
, is repellantly out of control .
is repellantly out of control .
is repellantly out of control
repellantly out of control
out of control
comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale
fearing that his film is molto superficiale
is molto superficiale
molto superficiale
uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .
close to pro-Serb propaganda .
It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
makes a better travelogue than movie .
rewritten , and
It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
a faulty premise ,
a faulty premise
faulty
one it follows into melodrama and silliness
follows into melodrama and silliness
melodrama and
hitting below the belt
Horrible .
Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
in such odd plot
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured
descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured
descends into such message-mongering moralism
such message-mongering moralism
message-mongering moralism
its good qualities are obscured
, violent movie
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
familiar and insufficiently cathartic
insufficiently cathartic
insufficiently
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee
you 'll find in this dreary mess .
'll find in this dreary mess .
'll find in this dreary mess
find in this dreary mess
in this dreary mess
this dreary mess
dreary mess
So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland
So verbally flatfooted and
So verbally flatfooted
verbally flatfooted
flatfooted
so emotionally predictable or bland
emotionally predictable or bland
predictable or bland
predictable or
that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .
it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie
plays like the standard made-for-TV movie
like the standard made-for-TV movie
the standard made-for-TV movie
made-for-TV movie
with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself
writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself
sitting around in their drawers to justify a film
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game
that did not figure out a coherent game
did not figure out a coherent game
Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor
Neither as scary-funny as Tremors
is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
, the update is dreary and sluggish .
the update is dreary and sluggish .
is dreary and sluggish .
is dreary and sluggish
dreary and sluggish
dreary and
It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but
It wo n't hold up over the long haul ,
It wo n't hold up over the long haul
wo n't hold up over the long haul
provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film
stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film
into an otherwise mediocre film
otherwise mediocre film
otherwise mediocre
Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
Watching junk like this
Watching junk
induces a kind of abstract guilt ,
a kind of abstract guilt
were paying dues for good books unread
fine music never heard
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
did n't find much fascination in the swinging
Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
an outline for a role he still needs to grow into
for a role he still needs to grow into
Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
the disadvantage of also looking cheap
also looking cheap
first shocking thing
about Sorority Boys
Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
does n't manage to hit all of its marks
A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
its extremely languorous rhythms ,
extremely languorous rhythms
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
without having much dramatic impact
This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
This rather unfocused
rather unfocused
, all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
all-over-the-map
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or
pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens
to a few rather than dozens
if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material
akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material
a Reader 's Digest condensed version
This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
dreadfully earnest inversion
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
bug-eyed mugging
gay-niche condescension
The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
has no snap
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ...
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but
is a lumbering load of hokum but
a lumbering load of hokum but
a lumbering load
lumbering load
hokum but
it 's at least watchable
While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
does n't completely
to forgive that still serious problem
still serious problem
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
churlish
to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
is impossible to find the film anything but
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived ,
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived
shamelessly manipulative and contrived
manipulative and contrived
manipulative and
totally lacking
It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
of Afghan tragedies
Afghan tragedies
that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
would be consigned to the dustbin of history
be consigned to the dustbin of history
consigned to the dustbin of history
to the dustbin of history
Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours ,
a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours
a boring , pretentious waste
boring , pretentious waste
does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented
, pathetic , starving and untalented
pathetic , starving and untalented
, starving and untalented
starving and untalented
starving and
This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
can you take before indigestion sets in
take before indigestion sets in
take before indigestion sets
before indigestion sets
indigestion sets
Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then
the sorriest and most
the sorriest and
the sorriest
sorriest
sordid of human behavior on the screen ,
sordid of human behavior on the screen
throws you for a loop
The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
The only thing I laughed at
were the people who paid to see it .
who paid to see it
is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
terrorism anxieties
suffocating rape-payback horror
rape-payback
show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
for industrial-model meat freezers
guns , violence
as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
backed off
the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
grosses
Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
gender politics
so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything
I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
the endlessly repetitive scenes
endlessly repetitive
of embarrassment
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
an underachiever ,
an underachiever
underachiever
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , ''
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers ,
on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool
that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
the longest 90 minutes
formula payback and
the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly
the inevitable Hollywood remake
Hollywood remake
A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
A distinctly minor effort
distinctly minor effort
distinctly minor
that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
seen to better advantage on cable
Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB-
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .
The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
is about as interesting
about as interesting
as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
the Wal-Mart checkout line
Wal-Mart checkout line
Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein
like a blown-out vein
a blown-out vein
Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
in bad stage dialogue
bad stage dialogue
, all credibility flies out the window .
all credibility flies out the window .
flies out the window
he falls about ten feet onto his head
falls about ten feet onto his head
Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
Ear-splitting
exercise in formula crash-and-bash action
in formula crash-and-bash action
crash-and-bash
A strangely
feels the dimming of a certain ambition
the dimming of a certain ambition
the dimming
dimming
of Holocaust movies
the film suffers from its own difficulties
suffers from its own difficulties
difficulties
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking
It 's leaden and predictable , and
It 's leaden and predictable ,
's leaden and predictable
leaden and predictable
laughs are lacking
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies ,
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies
takes no apparent joy in making movies
takes no apparent joy
no apparent joy
he gives none to the audience
gives none to the audience
see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from
see a train wreck
a train wreck
train wreck
Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
, Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating
unusual but unfortunately also irritating
unusual but unfortunately also
but unfortunately also
unfortunately also
no art grows from a vacuum
Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel ,
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
, at least terribly monotonous
at least terribly monotonous
terribly monotonous
black Austin
could fail to crack a smile at
fail to crack a smile at
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
that are n't so substantial or fresh
are n't so substantial or fresh
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray ,
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
to lead a group of talented friends astray
create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
an erratic career
erratic career
Stale and
self-hatred and
do-over
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
chronically mixed signals
chronically
overachieving
the supernatural trappings only obscure the message
only obscure the message
obscure the message
as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
the awful complications
awful complications
It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
a stale , overused cocktail
, overused cocktail
overused cocktail
surrealist
A different movie -- sometimes tedious --
-- sometimes tedious --
sometimes tedious --
skip but film buffs should get to know
An absurdist spider web .
absurdist spider web .
spider web .
shlockmeister
, it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
this alarming production ,
this alarming production
alarming
showy than Hannibal
showy
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
very choppy and monosyllabic
... hokey art house pretension .
art house pretension .
to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
been such a bad day
such a bad day
A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare
It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
a frightful vanity film
frightful vanity film
vanity film
what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
owed to Benigni
Never comes together as a coherent whole .
Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously
that this is n't something to be taken seriously
is n't something to be taken seriously
it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
prechewed
that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical
A loud , ugly , irritating movie
loud , ugly , irritating movie
loud , ugly , irritating
, ugly , irritating
ugly , irritating
without any of its satirical
The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
what kind of sewage
sewage
they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance
the , yes , snail-like pacing and
the , yes , snail-like pacing
snail-like pacing
snail-like
lack of thematic resonance
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
make the film more silly than scary ,
make the film more silly than scary
the film more silly than scary
like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ...
Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ,
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
ugly ideas
ugly behavior
Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste
Weird ,
anger .
most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
never seems hopelessly juvenile .
seems hopelessly juvenile .
seems hopelessly juvenile
hopelessly juvenile
It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but
certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department
Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose
so devoid of artifice and purpose
so devoid
that it appears not to have been edited at all
it appears not to have been edited at all
appears not to have been edited at all
not to have been edited at all
been edited at all
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships
the dark areas of parent-child relationships
dark areas
flinching
Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
De Niro -RRB-
City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
By The Sea would slip under the waves .
It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
cheesy B-movie playing
cheesy B-movie
even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
wanting more answers as the credits
... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen
possess the lack-of-attention span
the lack-of-attention span
lack-of-attention span
lack-of-attention
This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
one of the most repellent things
of the most repellent things
most repellent things
most repellent
to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
already littered with celluloid garbage
littered with celluloid garbage
with celluloid garbage
celluloid garbage
Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
a film , and such a stultifying ,
such a stultifying
stultifying
lifeless execution .
lifeless execution
never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .
What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
What should have been a painless time-killer
should have been a painless time-killer
a painless time-killer
becomes instead a grating endurance test .
becomes instead a grating endurance test
a grating endurance test
sickeningly savage
sickeningly
While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers
largely improvised
would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary
worked better as a one-hour TV documentary
Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances
viewers out in the cold and
viewers out in the cold
the cold
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation
tired , unimaginative and derivative
, unimaginative and derivative
unimaginative and derivative
unimaginative and
of that already-shallow
that already-shallow
already-shallow
is rote work and predictable ,
is rote work and predictable
rote work and predictable
A bit too eager to please .
A bit too eager to please
too eager to please
The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
nothing distinguishing
Pinochet 's victims
often heartbreaking
of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
befuddling
Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
of these shenanigans exhausting
these shenanigans exhausting
Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
, Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
is sordid and disgusting .
is sordid and disgusting
sordid and disgusting
sordid and
wanted to leave .
wanted to leave
not to believe it
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
The characters are so generic and
The characters are so generic
are so generic
the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
the resourceful amnesiac
amnesiac
, we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
generating nightmarish images
that will be hard to burn out of your brain
will be hard to burn out of your brain
be hard to burn out of your brain
hard to burn out of your brain
to burn out of your brain
burn out of your brain
gay film .
Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and
formidable arithmetic
A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
A movie where story is almost an afterthought
where story is almost an afterthought
story is almost an afterthought
is almost an afterthought
few sequels
Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
sucks , but has a funny moment or two
sucks , but
It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky ,
It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky
's not like having a real film of Nijinsky
used soap
A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
A shoddy male hip hop fantasy
shoddy male hip hop fantasy
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and
ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
unimaginable demons
dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet
dark , disturbing , painful to watch ,
dark , disturbing , painful to watch
if you do n't understand what on earth is going on
you do n't understand what on earth is going on
do n't understand what on earth is going on
what on earth is going on
somber , absurd , and , finally ,
somber , absurd , and
somber , absurd ,
, absurd ,
absurd ,
achingly sad
-LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
-LRB- T -RRB- his slop
his slop
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's too loud
to shout insults at the screen
shout insults at the screen
, Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
suspiciously familiar
suspiciously
also a -- dare I say it twice --
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
Not exaggerated enough
to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or
gross-out flicks ,
Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .
like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way
a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way
a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or
a low-budget hybrid of Scarface
a low-budget hybrid
low-budget hybrid
when it drags
Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
, this is the most visually unappealing .
this is the most visually unappealing .
is the most visually unappealing .
is the most visually unappealing
visually unappealing
incurably
As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story
, the more details slip out between his fingers .
any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but
these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
were more repulsive
more repulsive
You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise
anything special , save for a few comic turns ,
-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is
reveals how bad an actress she is
how bad an actress she is
, the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip
throws in a fish-out-of-water gag
a fish-out-of-water gag
fish-out-of-water gag
lets the cliched dialogue rip
the cliched dialogue rip
cliched dialogue rip
A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
overbearing and over-the-top as the family
overbearing and over-the-top
overbearing and
was so endlessly , grotesquely ,
was so endlessly , grotesquely
was so endlessly
grotesquely
This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour
smash 'em - up ,
crash 'em
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
unlikable characters and
A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
A fragile framework
upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
for bathroom breaks
little cleavage
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas
, your senses are as mushy as peas
your senses are as mushy as peas
are as mushy as peas
as mushy as peas
mushy as peas
you do n't care who fires the winning shot
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful ,
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
a bit too enigmatic and
a bit too enigmatic
too enigmatic
overly ambitious to be fully successful
run out of ideas
The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films
making reference to other films and trying to be other films
trying to be other films
that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
see nothing in it
to match the ordeal of sitting through it
match the ordeal of sitting through it
the ordeal of sitting through it
Unforgiven
its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
the menace of its sparse dialogue
its sparse dialogue
this aging series
aging series
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
The film 's needlessly opaque intro
needlessly opaque intro
Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
vulgarities
a sequel you can refuse
It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
under-inspired , overblown enterprise
, overblown enterprise
overblown enterprise
that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
Whatever complaints I might have
complaints I might have
bombastic self-glorification
fiascos
It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns
wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes
outlandish
corny visual puns
puns
Tashlin comedy
Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it
Every joke is repeated at least --
Every joke is repeated at least
annoying , is n't it
annoying ,
lampoons the moviemaking process itself ,
shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
shining a not particularly flattering spotlight
a not particularly flattering spotlight
not particularly flattering spotlight
not particularly
It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to
strange film
one that was hard for me to warm up to
that was hard for me to warm up to
was hard for me
hard for me
murder and mayhem
breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
the `` Miami Vice '' checklist
, absurd collection
absurd collection
the strange horror of life
the strange horror
present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
a slight , weightless fairy tale
slight , weightless fairy tale
, weightless fairy tale
weightless fairy tale
most unpleasant details
unpleasant details
the character 's blank-faced optimism
damaged-goods people
damaged-goods
dangerously collide
you 're not deeply touched by this movie
check your pulse .
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself
of a culture in conflict
the thin veneer of nationalism
the thin veneer
that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
our deepest , media-soaked fears
media-soaked
sacrificing the integrity of the opera
of academic skullduggery and politics
skullduggery and
in sorrow
The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
serious critique
of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often
loud and offensive , but more often
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
lulls you into a gentle waking coma
lulls you
into a gentle waking coma
a gentle waking coma
waking coma
coma
... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
Tara Reid plays a college journalist ,
looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
I do n't know what she 's doing in here
do n't know what she 's doing in here
It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
Any reasonably creative eighth-grader
reasonably creative eighth-grader
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
with the same number of continuity errors
the same number of continuity errors
of continuity errors
continuity errors
Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
super-sized infomercial
As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs ,
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical
, simple-minded and stereotypical
simple-minded and stereotypical
death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
death and mind-numbing indifference
and mind-numbing indifference
mind-numbing indifference
mind-numbing
mired in a shabby script
in a shabby script
a shabby script
shabby script
atop wooden dialogue
wooden dialogue
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
falls far short
far short
peculiarly moral amorality
peculiarly
What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
hard to understand
is why anybody picked it up .
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really ,
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson ,
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
nobody in the viewing audience cares
Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
overwrought existentialism and
overwrought existentialism
stomach-churning
have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
of either cracking up or throwing up
throwing up
break up
's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex
like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex
wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists
The problematic characters and
The problematic characters
problematic characters
overly convenient plot twists
overly convenient
foul up Shum 's good intentions .
foul up Shum 's good intentions
foul up
foul
The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
sinks further and further into comedy futility .
sinks further and further into comedy futility
sinks further and further
into comedy futility
futility
What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
ensues are much blood-splattering
, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
mass drug-induced bowel
drug-induced bowel
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits
none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits
none-too-funny commentary
none-too-funny
With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
, this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve
labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
labors
hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
farts
Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
seems a prostituted muse ...
seems a prostituted muse
prostituted muse
are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric
A thoroughly awful movie --
A thoroughly awful movie
thoroughly awful movie
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ...
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy
dumb , narratively chaotic ,
dumb , narratively chaotic
dumb ,
visually sloppy
weird amalgam
The Thing ' and a geriatric
a geriatric
A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals
malnourished intellectuals
malnourished
, what the hell .
what the hell .
what the hell
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
, unmemorable filler .
unmemorable filler .
unmemorable filler
It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie
a bad premise , just a bad movie
a bad premise , just
a bad premise ,
standard issue
Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
rubber-face routine
is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
the insipid script
insipid script
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot
begins with promise , but runs
aground after being snared in its own tangled plot
aground
after being snared in its own tangled plot
being snared in its own tangled plot
snared in its own tangled plot
There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
remotely topical or sexy
too often strains
often strains
The results are far more alienating than involving .
are far more alienating than involving .
are far more alienating than involving
far more alienating than involving
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ,
forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
from its material that is deliberately unsettling
its material that is deliberately unsettling
is deliberately unsettling
impish divertissement
impish
a weary journalist
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
in that something 's horribly wrong
something 's horribly wrong
's horribly wrong
horribly wrong
but completely fails to gel together .
fails to gel together .
fails to gel together
re-voiced version
Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film
it lacks in substance
lacks in substance
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
Distinctly sub-par ...
Distinctly sub-par
sub-par
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
drown a viewer in boredom
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
it 's undone by a sloppy script
's undone by a sloppy script
undone by a sloppy script
by a sloppy script
a sloppy script
sloppy script
The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .
The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
teen-sleaze equivalent
teen-sleaze
Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but
trotting out threadbare standbys
threadbare standbys
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey
that malarkey
malarkey
does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
waste viewers ' time
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel ,
it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions
a bad taste in your mouth and questions
a bad taste
bad taste
borrowed images
might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
Slob
I 'm not even a fan of the genre
This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
extended dialogue exercise
Retard 101
Retard
A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere
A direct-to-void release ,
direct-to-void release ,
direct-to-void
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose
Jason X is this bad on purpose
is this bad on purpose
this bad on purpose
is never clear .
is never clear
Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
heavy-handed , manipulative
feels all too familiar
Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
, Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs
of exploiting molestation for laughs
exploiting molestation for laughs
molestation
actually exploiting it yourself
exploiting it yourself
punctuated with graphic violence .
graphic violence
Everything is off .
is off .
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
stiflingly
unfunny and unoriginal mess
and unoriginal mess
unoriginal mess
Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .
Its inescapable absurdities
inescapable absurdities
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB-
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
living under a rock
under a rock
-LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
not for their acting chops , but for their looks
for their acting chops , but for their looks
Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes ,
may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
have finally aged past his prime ... and ,
aged past his prime
past his prime
wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst
Serviceable at best , slightly less
serviceable at worst
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
An inelegant combination
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
two unrelated shorts that falls far short
unrelated shorts
unrelated
that falls far short
dry and
that the only rip off that we were aware of
rip off that we were aware of
rip off
when the movie ended so damned soon
ended so damned soon
ended so damned
Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
nutty cliches and far too much
nutty cliches
It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references
the requisite faux-urban vibe and
requisite faux-urban vibe
faux-urban
hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references
Leaks treacle from every pore .
be said of the picture
One lousy movie .
One lousy movie
lousy movie
A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
A rather tired
rather tired
controversial
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
doze off for a few minutes or
doze off for a few minutes
make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not
make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and
make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom
to the concession stand and\/or restroom
concession stand and\/or restroom
as if he or she has missed anything
, the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
showcases pretty mediocre shtick
pretty mediocre shtick
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length
Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
Big Chill
together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
the contrivances and overwrought emotion
contrivances and overwrought emotion
overwrought emotion
focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .
focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making
focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the -
focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
this tortured , dull artist
tortured , dull artist
tortured , dull
monster-in-the
The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
miscalculates badly
by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
second fiddle
to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
the dull effects
dull effects
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
old pickup skidding
skidding
of control on a long patch of black ice
a long patch of black ice
, the movie makes two hours feel like four .
the movie makes two hours feel like four .
makes two hours feel like four .
makes two hours feel like four
two hours feel like four
If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
, you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
grab your kids and run and then
grab your kids and run
The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .
The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
The characters are paper thin and
The characters are paper thin
are paper thin
paper thin
is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
cliched and contrived
that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
your least favorite
least favorite
is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden
comes across as pretty dull and wooden
as pretty dull and wooden
pretty dull and wooden
dull and wooden
I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
expect much more
Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
does n't live up to material
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
for one of the worst movies of one year
one of the worst movies of one year
of the worst movies of one year
the worst movies of one year
directs an equally miserable film the following year
an equally miserable film the following year
an equally miserable film
equally miserable film
equally miserable
, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence
have a hard time believing it was just coincidence
have a hard time
Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
Although made on a shoestring and unevenly
shoestring and unevenly
conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America
of the rotting underbelly of Middle America
the rotting underbelly of Middle America
the rotting underbelly
rotting underbelly
rotting
` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama .
's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean ,
watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
wasting away inside unnecessary films
wasting away
wasting
inside unnecessary films
unnecessary films
like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
Sweet Home Abomination
Abomination
ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise
doing very little with its imaginative premise
doing very little
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone ,
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and
painful as The Grey Zone
No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
No new plot conceptions or environmental changes
No new plot conceptions or
No new plot conceptions
just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through
The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
only drama
You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and
that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about
that Kate is n't very bright , but
Kate is n't very bright
is n't very bright
she has n't been worth caring about
has n't been worth caring about
that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
would quickly change the channel
change the channel
One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels
the oddest and most inexplicable sequels
most inexplicable sequels
a stereotypical one of self-discovery
a stereotypical one
stereotypical one
Falls short in explaining the music and its roots
The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
become smug or sanctimonious
smug or sanctimonious
skeptics
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
that is slow to those of us in middle age
is slow to those of us in middle age
deathly slow to any teen
deathly
Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
, I have given this movie a rating of zero .
I have given this movie a rating of zero .
have given this movie a rating of zero .
have given this movie a rating of zero
given this movie a rating of zero
a rating of zero
, it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
by humanity 's greatest shame
humanity 's greatest shame
, reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
shows -- reality shows for God 's sake
reality shows for God 's sake
that ` this is a story without surprises
` this is a story without surprises
this is a story without surprises
a story without surprises
Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .
is as serious as a pink slip .
as a pink slip
A listless and desultory affair .
A listless and desultory affair
listless and desultory affair
listless and desultory
listless and
desultory
By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
final whistle
you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
that just does n't have big screen magic
just does n't have big screen magic
does n't have big screen magic
This time , the hype is quieter , and
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first
is slightly less successful than the first
slightly less successful than the first
slightly less successful
less successful
likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager
meandering , low on energy , and too eager
meandering , low on energy , and
meandering , low on energy ,
meandering , low on energy
low on energy
could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
have expected a little more human being , and a little less product
a little more human being , and a little less product
a little more human being , and
a little less product
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure :
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure
it 's the worst movie of 2002
's the worst movie of 2002
the worst movie of 2002
I skipped Country Bears
Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet
a such a brainless flibbertigibbet
a brainless flibbertigibbet
brainless flibbertigibbet
that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
dicey screen material
dicey
only a genius
There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
of portraying the devastation of this disease
the devastation of this disease
the devastation
devastation
disease
digitally altered footage
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor ,
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor
jagged ,
filmed directly from a television monitor
the extensive use of stock footage
can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ,
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
one relentlessly depressing situation
relentlessly depressing
at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
, self-hating , self-destructive ways
self-hating , self-destructive ways
A less-than-thrilling thriller .
less-than-thrilling thriller .
less-than-thrilling
meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
meanders from gripping to plodding and back
to plodding and back
plodding and
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer
too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer
too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp
prolonged extrusion
of psychopathic pulp
to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
flopped as surely
flopped
gone wrong
Hollywood confection
The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
The characters seem one-dimensional , and
The characters seem one-dimensional ,
The characters seem one-dimensional
seem one-dimensional
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience
is superficial and
is superficial
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet
A dull , somnambulant exercise
dull , somnambulant exercise
somnambulant exercise
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise
uneven directorial debut
fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
a pressure cooker of horrified awe
horrified
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show
that the movie has virtually nothing to show
has virtually nothing to show
virtually nothing to show
nothing to show
It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
studiously inoffensive
Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
than a mall movie designed to kill time
a mall movie designed to kill time
mall movie
A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
A dull , dumb and derivative horror film
A dull , dumb and derivative horror
dull , dumb and derivative horror
, dumb and derivative horror
dumb and derivative horror
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating
Wimps
is muted
While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart
this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart
, lacks Fellowship 's heart
lacks Fellowship 's heart
non-firsthand experience
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth
It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
how the movie could be released in this condition
easily forgotten
muting
, the plot 's saccharine thrust
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly
but not great -RRB-
not great
to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
that he 's a disloyal satyr
disloyal
from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
who unfortunately works with a two star script
a two star script
two star script
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be ,
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be
All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
, City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
that there is no rest period , no timeout
no rest period , no timeout
no rest period ,
no timeout
timeout
No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
harmed
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
they were insulted and
insulted
the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
was put through torture for an hour and a half
put through torture for an hour and a half
put through torture
through torture
torture
Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
Adams just copies from various sources --
Adams just copies from various sources
Adams just copies
just copies
bad mixture
Very predictable
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .
never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality
didactic entertainment
It 's not too much of anything .
's not too much of anything .
's not too much of anything
It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum
dabbles all around
never gaining much momentum
With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
think of this dog of a movie
of this dog of a movie
this dog of a movie
as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
high humidity
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
far-flung , illogical , and
far-flung , illogical ,
far-flung , illogical
far-flung ,
far-flung
If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I
it might have held my attention , but
it might have held my attention ,
his drug
as being 51 times stronger than coke
that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others
goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal
goes wrong thanks
wrong thanks
culture shock and a refusal
a refusal
And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
the film 's lamer instincts
lamer
The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
The lousy lead performances
... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ...
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
seem self-consciously poetic and forced
It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
does n't match his ambition
Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
a bottom-feeder sequel
bottom-feeder sequel
bottom-feeder
it misses too many opportunities
misses too many opportunities
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
leaves a lot to be desired .
A DOA dud from frame one .
A DOA
dud from frame one .
dud from frame one
We get the comedy we settle for .
settle for
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out
no quarter to anyone
no quarter
seeking to pull a cohesive story out
it is derivative
is derivative
fails to fascinate .
fails to fascinate
, at last count , numbered 52 different versions
We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
dulls
For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything
Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything
shows up and ruins everything
ruins everything
-LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .
ame and unnecessary .
ame and unnecessary
sophomore effort
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
The film is strictly routine .
is strictly routine .
is strictly routine
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature ,
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature
enough emotional resonance or variety of incident
even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long
it feels a bit long
A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling
With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
contemptible imitator
contemptible
starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
a `` SNL '' has-been
`` SNL '' has-been
SNL '' has-been
'' has-been
acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
The movie is n't horrible , but
you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave
can see mediocre cresting on the next wave
see mediocre cresting on the next wave
mediocre cresting
Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
buried , drowned and
buried , drowned
smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value
is too impressed with its own solemn insights
there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness
redundancy and unsuccessful
redundancy and
crudeness
The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
The director 's many dodges and turns
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
that 's low on both suspense and payoff
's low on both suspense and payoff
low on both suspense and payoff
A Movie to Forget
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and
resist his pleas
his pleas
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated ,
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther ,
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther
to convince us that acting transfigures Esther
one feels cheated
feels cheated
cheated
Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
seems to remain an unchanged dullard
to remain an unchanged dullard
remain an unchanged dullard
an unchanged dullard
unchanged dullard
Worthy of the gong .
It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
to be startled when you 're almost dozing
you 're almost dozing
The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable
lack contrast , are murky and
lack contrast , are murky
lack contrast ,
lack contrast
are frequently too dark to be decipherable
too dark to be decipherable
dark to be decipherable
The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements
Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
cheap , graceless , hackneyed
, graceless , hackneyed
graceless , hackneyed
deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
confusion and pain
confusion and
struggle tragically
Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
Like leafing through an album of photos
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
by the sketchiest of captions
the sketchiest
sketchiest
-LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
self-flagellation
is more depressing than entertaining
more depressing than entertaining
depressing than entertaining
Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies
mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
mind-numbingly awful
that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
, this movie is hopeless
this movie is hopeless
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty ,
into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
an Argentine retread
Argentine retread
than either of those films
through the constraints of its source
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle ,
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle
unexpected blast
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most
into that annoying specimen of humanity
that annoying specimen of humanity
that annoying specimen
annoying specimen
that I usually dread encountering the most
I usually dread encountering the most
usually dread encountering the most
dread encountering the most
a historic scandal
historic scandal
scandal
Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
fifth beer-soaked film
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances
the writing and direction to the soggy performances
to the soggy performances
the soggy performances
soggy performances
tossed off
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
The problem with movies about angels
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum
they have a tendency to slip into hokum
have a tendency to slip into hokum
a tendency to slip into hokum
tendency to slip into hokum
slip into hokum
into hokum
carnage and
re-creation
of war-torn Croatia
A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits ,
A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
slight and obvious
even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
As saccharine movies go
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
cause massive cardiac arrest
massive cardiac arrest
cardiac arrest
cardiac
It falls far short of poetry , but
It falls far short of poetry ,
It falls far short of poetry
falls far short of poetry
bad prose
than anything seen on Jerry Springer
Their computer-animated faces
It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
did n't know what kind of movie they were making
at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
the obviousness
its stupidity or
its stupidity
like a poor man 's
Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis
Confounding
a daringly preposterous thesis
A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
as shameful
shameful
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid
without thrills and a mystery devoid
a mystery devoid
mystery devoid
Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but
Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families ,
Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
be another shameless attempt by Disney
another shameless attempt
shameless attempt
dough from baby boomer families
they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film
tried to squeeze too many elements into the film
to squeeze too many elements into the film
squeeze too many elements into the film
too many elements
a mediocre one
mediocre one
The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
becomes lifeless and
becomes lifeless
falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
falls apart
like a cheap lawn chair
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
`` crazy ''
We 've seen it all before in one form or another ,
We 've seen it all before in one form or another
seen it all before in one form or another
There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
caricature
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy
's supposed to be a romantic comedy
supposed to be a romantic comedy
it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
too much Norma Rae
in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way
an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way
dark , vaguely disturbing way
disturbing way
misanthropic comedies
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ,
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
he just slopped ` em together here
just slopped ` em together here
slopped ` em together here
slopped ` em together
slopped `
slopped
A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .
A low-rent retread of the Alien
A low-rent retread
low-rent retread
its dull spots
dull spots
to risk American scorn
disinterest
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long :
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long
sitting open too long
it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
's too much syrup and not enough fizz
too much syrup
not enough fizz
But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail
Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch
determination to inject farcical raunch
to inject farcical raunch
inject farcical raunch
drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
drowns out
Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
, Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
looks elsewhere
seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics
George 's haplessness and
George 's haplessness
tics
Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden
, maudlin and cliche-ridden
maudlin and cliche-ridden
... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad
sappy script
, those rejected must have been astronomically bad
rejected must have been astronomically bad
must have been astronomically bad
have been astronomically bad
been astronomically bad
astronomically bad
There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but
There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances ,
There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
to conceal its contrivances
It does n't work as either .
does n't work as either .
does n't work as either
... too sappy for its own good .
too sappy for its own good .
too sappy for its own good
too sappy
Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
Without any redeeming value whatsoever
any redeeming value whatsoever
value whatsoever
A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
plays like a bad soap opera ,
plays like a bad soap opera
like a bad soap opera
a bad soap opera
bad soap opera
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
find it baffling
help overcome the problematic script .
overcome the problematic script
the problematic script
problematic script
about identity and alienation
about death
and con , for adults
wildcard
: Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been
Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but
Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema ,
Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema
is n't exactly quality cinema
it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been
as terrible
cold have been
It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
It 's a thin notion
a thin notion
thin notion
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
repetitively
stretched out to feature
length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music
self-consciously flashy camera effects
droning house music
droning
flat , flat dialogue
, flat dialogue
says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .
says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed '
says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed
I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed
this is f \*\*\* ed
is f \*\*\* ed
f \*\*\* ed
It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
does n't know what it wants to be
the decidedly foul stylings
decidedly foul stylings
decidedly foul
There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
's nothing to gain from watching They
nothing to gain from watching They
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned --
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned
's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned
that are damned in Queen of the Damned
damned in Queen of the Damned
the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate
suffer the same fate
`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it
sit in neutral
hoping for a stiff wind
to blow it
While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
-LRB- and its palate -RRB-
, its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
is a little scattered -- ditsy ,
is a little scattered -- ditsy
a little scattered -- ditsy
a little scattered
There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening
a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening
did n't offer an advance screening
, is painterly .
I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
the overuse of special effects
overuse
gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB-
a lame story
lame story
so-so animation
For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
, are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
`` radical '' or `` suck ''
radical '' or `` suck ''
'' or `` suck ''
or `` suck ''
`` suck ''
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic
Excruciatingly unfunny and
Excruciatingly unfunny
pitifully unromantic
unromantic
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors
wince in embarrassment and others ,
embarrassment and others
embarrassment and
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
farts , urine , feces , semen , or
farts , urine , feces , semen
farts , urine , feces ,
farts , urine , feces
farts , urine ,
farts , urine
of the other foul substances
other foul substances
foul substances
overrun modern-day comedies
crime expertly
Any rock pile will do for a set .
I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't
left slightly disappointed that it did n't
left slightly disappointed
slightly disappointed
it did n't
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat
lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat
knocks it flat
America 's culture of fear
as a root cause of gun violence
of gun violence
Though the story ... is hackneyed
the story ... is hackneyed
Often overwrought and at times positively irritating
Often overwrought and
Often overwrought
times positively irritating
than a ` direct-to-video ' release
a ` direct-to-video ' release
` direct-to-video ' release
direct-to-video ' release
shut out
I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
of cookie-cutter action scenes
cookie-cutter action scenes
Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
could have guessed at the beginning
In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
this movie is careless and unfocused .
is careless and unfocused .
is careless and unfocused
careless and unfocused
careless and
careless
Your nightmares , on the other hand ,
Your nightmares , on the other hand
Your nightmares
nightmares
This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
, and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
, and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
to be bored by as your ABC 's
be bored by as your ABC 's
bored by as your ABC 's
Some are fascinating and others are not
Both flawed and delayed
flawed and delayed
its one-joke premise with the thesis
one-joke premise
one-joke
then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations
ruins itself
with too many contrivances and goofy situations
too many contrivances and goofy situations
too many contrivances and
too many contrivances
lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ...
lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films
Though it runs 163 minutes
runs 163 minutes
Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
so low in a poorly
in a poorly
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers
absurd plot twists ,
absurd plot twists
idiotic court maneuvers
stupid characters
that even Freeman ca n't save it
Freeman ca n't save it
ca n't save it
little too obvious , but
little too obvious ,
restrained and
Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
would do better elsewhere .
would do better elsewhere
do better elsewhere
better elsewhere
fake documentary
The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com ''
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you
hitting your head on the theater seat
hitting your head
when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
you doze off thirty minutes into the film
doze off thirty minutes into the film
doze off thirty minutes
The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters
less concerned with cultural and political issues
As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
, Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold
stuffs his debut
worn a bit thin over the years ,
worn a bit thin over the years
worn a bit thin
Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
, The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
attempts to be grandiloquent , but
to be grandiloquent
ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
merely pretentious --
merely pretentious
in a grisly sort of way
wear you out and
wear you out
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
the seemingly irreconcilable situation
seemingly irreconcilable
irreconcilable
gay and lesbian children
and lesbian children
Sad nonsense , this .
Sad nonsense , this
Sad nonsense ,
Sad nonsense
sexual jealousy , resentment
You see Robin Williams and psycho killer ,
It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level ,
It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level
its focus always appears questionable
always appears questionable
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all ,
is hardly journalism at all
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
grow impatient
It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
take a complete moron
a complete moron
complete moron
moron
to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling
that the rest is n't more compelling
the rest is n't more compelling
is n't more compelling
There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome
anarchy
gets tiresome
, the satire is weak .
the satire is weak .
is weak .
is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz
you think , zzzzzzzzz
think , zzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzz
Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy
half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy
, sometimes creepy intimacy
of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
especially disappointing
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
an incomprehensible
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
like bad cinema
bad cinema
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
a dark pit
dark pit
having a nightmare about bad cinema
a nightmare about bad cinema
about bad cinema
he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them
just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them
's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .
's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
narrow , fearful view of American life
fearful view
fearful
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling
's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling
's too harsh
too harsh
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
been acted out
I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
an unlimited amount of phony blood
, nothing good can happen
nothing good can happen
nothing good
I wanted more .
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience
offers nothing
that is beyond playing fair with the audience
is beyond playing fair with the audience
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
A wannabe comedy
wannabe comedy
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women
squanders its beautiful women
This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned
an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned
been all but decommissioned
One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
taken the protagonists a full hour
you must shoot it in the head
must shoot it in the head
shoot it in the head
of Jaglom 's own profession
Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
Trailer park Magnolia
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance ,
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance
too long , too cutesy
too long ,
of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
of being too dense & about nothing at all
being too dense & about nothing at all
too dense & about nothing at all
too dense & about
too dense &
nothing at all
This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .
is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
, but it 's a sincere mess
it 's a sincere mess
's a sincere mess
sincere mess
Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh
another gross-out college comedy --
gross-out college comedy
ugh
is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
is interesting but constantly unfulfilling
interesting but constantly unfulfilling
constantly unfulfilling
This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
is a movie so insecure about its capacity
insecure about its capacity
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
flagrantly fake thunderstorms
flagrantly
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece
undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece
too racy
racy
too offensive
does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast
Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
, the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
is violated
violated
, this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
this nasty comedy
nasty comedy
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success
at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
the same easy targets
same easy targets
as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
-- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
farts , boobs ,
farts , boobs
without much success
Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate
that fails to make adequate
Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
has already appeared in one forum or another
no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
, it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best ,
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
depressed about anything before watching this film
, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
drown yourself in a lake afterwards
drown yourself in a lake
drown yourself
A lame comedy .
lame comedy .
It 's tough to watch ,
It 's tough to watch
's tough to watch
tough to watch
The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually ,
is n't very interesting actually
is n't very interesting
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
feel like three hours .
feel like three hours
of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination
a pretentious and
ultimately empty examination
a sick and evil woman
sick and evil woman
Sad to say --
Sad to say
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
rage and alienation
that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
the self-destructiveness of many young people
the self-destructiveness
self-destructiveness
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing
An unfortunate title
unfortunate title
for a film that has nothing
a film that has nothing
that has nothing
has nothing
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda
for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
rampant adultery
adultery
Overcomes its visual hideousness
visual hideousness
hideousness
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together
the pieces do n't quite fit together
do n't quite fit together
Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
in Trapped
, they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
prove more distressing
distressing
on some levels
Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .
Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films
Does n't deliver a great story , nor
Does n't deliver a great story ,
For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
No Such Thing is a big letdown .
is a big letdown .
is a big letdown
a big letdown
big letdown
Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
and plastic knickknacks
at your neighbor 's garage sale
Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
your first instinct is to duck
rapturous
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
blank yearning
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him
bad behavior
if the movie knew what to do with him
Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives
aimless for much of its running time ,
aimless for much of its running time
leaving questions in its wake
Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
Fidel Castro
for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
, Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
is a depressing experience
a depressing experience
you 're an agnostic carnivore
, I felt disrespected .
I felt disrespected .
felt disrespected .
felt disrespected
disrespected
How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .
derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be
By the standards of knucklehead swill
the standards of knucklehead swill
of knucklehead swill
knucklehead swill
knucklehead
Cuaron repeatedly
perversely
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates
a mournful undercurrent
mournful
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy ,
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy
Every visual joke is milked ,
Every visual joke is milked
is milked
milked
obvious and lengthy
every punchline predictable
Pootie Tang with a budget
time-it-is tedious
you do n't try to look too deep into the story
look too deep into the story
too deep
Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
most irresponsible
While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
verging on mumbo-jumbo
unimpeachable
Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and
animation back 30 years ,
animation back 30 years
need the lesson in repugnance .
the lesson in repugnance
repugnance
under-rehearsed and lifeless
under-rehearsed and
under-rehearsed
The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive
needing other people
The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .
leaves an awful sour taste
an awful sour taste
awful sour taste
Just dreadful .
Just dreadful
The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
an exhausted , desiccated talent
exhausted , desiccated talent
, desiccated talent
desiccated talent
injected self-consciousness
confining
as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
, however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
perilously
close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching
too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching
too bleak , too pessimistic and
too bleak , too pessimistic
too bleak
too pessimistic
too unflinching
Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
of his passe ' chopsocky glory
passe '
passe
chopsocky
Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
are missing --
anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
This film biggest problem ?
This film biggest problem
artificiality
give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss
Amazingly lame .
a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
family tragedy
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller
takes its title all too literally .
takes its title all too literally
all too literally
too literally
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
The story 's pathetic and
The story 's pathetic
's pathetic
the gags are puerile .
are puerile
Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
Where their heads were
anyone 's guess
The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
was so uninspiring
so uninspiring
uninspiring
that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
could n't keep my attention
Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
soon-to-be-forgettable
quirky rip-off prison
romp pile
A muted freak-out
muted freak-out
enough of libidinous young city dwellers
This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better
the beaten path , not necessarily for the better
Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
Martha could have used a little trimming
could have used a little trimming
-- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice
10 or 15 minutes could be cut and
10 or 15 minutes could be cut
tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy
tries to be ethereal , but
ends up seeming goofy
It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert ,
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert
this woefully hackneyed movie ,
this woefully hackneyed movie
woefully hackneyed movie
woefully hackneyed
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence ,
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches ,
Generic thriller junk .
thriller junk .
thriller junk
The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
also seems to play on a 10-year delay
seems to play on a 10-year delay
An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
An uneven mix
Nothing about them is attractive .
During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time
there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
is n't one true ` Chan moment '
A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and
the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time
the wheezing terrorist subplot
wheezing terrorist subplot
wheezing
has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time
the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness
bohemian boorishness
Highly irritating at first
irritating at first
passive
yield
JFK conspiracy nuts
cold-fish
The mushy finale
A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
crass , low-wattage endeavor
crass , low-wattage
, low-wattage
Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
from movies with giant plot holes
movies with giant plot holes
with giant plot holes
giant plot holes
is recommended only for those under 20 years of age
... and then only as a very mild rental
and then only as a very mild rental
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
becomes too heavy for the plot .
becomes too heavy for the plot
too heavy for the plot
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education
Slackers ' jokey approach
college education
is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
is disappointingly
simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem
the film 's biggest problem
there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously
unforgettably stupid stunts
unforgettably stupid
rude lines
to be something of a sitcom apparatus
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired
although this idea is `` new ''
the results are tired
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting
nonsensical and laughable plotting
nonsensical and laughable
wooden performances
ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
some of the worst dialogue
of the worst dialogue
the worst dialogue
it would be better as a diary or documentary
would be better as a diary or documentary
be better as a diary or documentary
old age and grief
You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
by a failure
The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
with the transparent attempts at moralizing
transparent attempts
it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious
is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious
somewhat shallow and art-conscious
shallow and art-conscious
A complete waste of time .
Just plain bad .
plain bad .
The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup ,
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup
of a 20-car pileup
a 20-car pileup
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
the plot holes
if Kaos had n't blown them all up
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary :
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary
really get weird , though not particularly scary
not particularly scary
the movie is all portent and no content
all portent and no content
no content
commercialism all in the same movie
neglecting character development
deny its seriousness and quality
Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy
are framed in a drama so clumsy
framed in a drama so clumsy
in a drama so clumsy
a drama so clumsy
there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
less sophisticated audiences
less sophisticated
will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
and flat-out farce
From the dull
the dull
An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
An ill-conceived
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
's not scary , not smart and not engaging
not scary , not smart and not engaging
not scary
not smart and not engaging
not smart and
not engaging
Too bad none of it is funny .
While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
, Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
may not be pleased
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes
For dance completists only .
tear your eyes away
desperate for work and food
restrictive and chaotic
restrictive
sketchy but nevertheless
The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
has a kind of hard , cold effect
a kind of hard , cold effect
hard , cold effect
obvious determination to shock at any cost
But then again , I hate myself most mornings .
then again , I hate myself most mornings .
, I hate myself most mornings .
hate myself most mornings .
hate myself most mornings
hate myself
How about surprising us by trying something new ?
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie ,
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie
is one dumb movie
one dumb movie
dumb movie
its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
just plain irrelevant
plain irrelevant
This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations
Too many improbabilities and
Too many improbabilities
many improbabilities
temper what could 've been an impacting film .
temper what could 've been an impacting film
what could 've been an impacting film
goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling
one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
tearing ` orphans
Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
, in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
might not have noticed
-LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
uselessly redundant and
uselessly
shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
shamelessly money-grubbing
money-grubbing
than most third-rate horror sequels
most third-rate horror sequels
third-rate horror sequels
third-rate
's soulful and unslick
but like shooting fish in a barrel
like shooting fish in a barrel
shooting fish in a barrel
The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
The original was n't a good movie but
The original was n't a good movie
was n't a good movie
of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
it could never really have happened this way
too fancy , not too filling
too fancy
not too filling
too fluffy
The tonal shifts are jolting , and
would have made the film more cohesive
The soupy end result
soupy end result
has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too
has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun
the odd distinction of being playful without being fun
playful without being fun
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
mumbles his way through the movie .
mumbles his way through the movie
the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
Though the film is static
the film is static
reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels
`` unfilmable '' novels
unfilmable '' novels
unfilmable
, not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
are odd and pixilated and
are odd and pixilated
odd and pixilated
hits a nerve
, and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
, humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
, spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
, educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
, but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
at other times as bland as a block of snow .
at other times as bland as a block of snow
other times as bland as a block of snow
bland as a block of snow
as a block of snow
as the long-faced sad sack
the long-faced sad sack
long-faced sad sack
sad sack
By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
no means a slam-dunk and
no means a slam-dunk
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans
sure to ultimately disappoint the action
to ultimately disappoint the action
ultimately disappoint the action
disappoint the action
All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
are clinically depressed and
are clinically depressed
have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
slim hopes and dreams
's about issues most adults have to face in marriage
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
the silly and crude storyline
silly and crude storyline
and crude storyline
crude storyline
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary
too long and
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and
bogs down in a surfeit of characters
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ,
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
ill-fitting
Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier
some of the more overtly silly dialogue
of the more overtly silly dialogue
the more overtly silly dialogue
more overtly silly dialogue
overtly silly dialogue
overtly silly
would sink Laurence Olivier
Although it does n't always hang together
does n't always hang together
-- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily --
violence and whimsy do n't combine easily
do n't combine easily
deserve but rarely receive it
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
Further sad evidence
that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
has turned out to be a one-trick pony
turned out to be a one-trick pony
to be a one-trick pony
be a one-trick pony
a one-trick pony
one-trick pony
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
softheaded metaphysical claptrap
metaphysical claptrap
The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
, Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around
recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders
bland police procedural details , Fiennes
in an attempt
seem weird and distanced
weird and distanced
Hopkins looks like a drag queen
looks like a drag queen
dogged
cable channel
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
A 94-minute travesty
94-minute travesty
travesty
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce
into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
brutally labored and unfunny hokum
brutally labored and unfunny
labored and unfunny
ai n't what it used to be .
ai n't what it used to be
Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
let the subtitles fool you
the subtitles fool you
the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
has a monopoly on mindless action
a monopoly on mindless action
on mindless action
mindless action
can not be acted .
could n't stand to hear
A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole
trying to have the best of both worlds
it ends up falling short as a whole
ends up falling short as a whole
falling short as a whole
falling short
better video-game-based flicks ,
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense ,
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense
upfront that the plot makes no sense
that the plot makes no sense
the plot makes no sense
makes no sense
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
the lack of linearity
is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
's hardly a necessary enterprise .
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ...
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies
Disappointing in comparison
made , but does n't generate a lot of tension
's being conned right up to the finale
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
irksome , tiresome nature
, tiresome nature
tiresome nature
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
's a dull girl , that 's all .
's a dull girl , that 's all
a dull girl , that 's all
a dull girl ,
a dull girl
dull girl
have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
the carnage that claims so many lives around her
environmental pollution ever made
environmental pollution
In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
, you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine
to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine
heartily sick
war-weary marine
The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
The holes in this film remain agape --
The holes in this film remain agape
The holes in this film
holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry
, meandering , and sometimes dry
meandering , and sometimes dry
and sometimes dry
sometimes dry
He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
-LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through
looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through
looking down at your watch and
is n't even halfway
, the film ends with a large human tragedy .
the film ends with a large human tragedy .
large human tragedy
small in scope ,
is not quite the career peak
twisted shapes history
too self-satisfied
Slow , dry ,
Slow , dry
will surely be profane , politically
be profane ,
be profane
... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
, the movie is a disaster .
the movie is a disaster .
is a disaster .
is a disaster
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea
routine action and jokes like this
then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch ,
feels derivative
Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece
to consider the looseness of the piece
the looseness of the piece
, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is
begins to resemble the shapeless ,
resemble the shapeless
grasping actors ' workshop that it is
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget
from a flat script and a low budget
a flat script and a low budget
a flat script and
a flat script
on standard horror flick formula
standard horror flick formula
What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games
of no erotic or sensuous charge
A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise
that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise
from a stunningly unoriginal premise
a stunningly unoriginal premise
stunningly unoriginal
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
ruined by amateurish writing and acting ,
ruined by amateurish writing and acting
ruined by amateurish
by amateurish
while the third feels limited by its short running time
the third feels limited by its short running time
feels limited by its short running time
limited by its short running time
short running
At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
At three hours and with very little story or character development
three hours and with very little story or character development
three hours and with very little story or character
with very little story or character
very little story or character
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
there is plenty of room for editing , and
there is plenty of room for editing ,
is plenty of room for editing
a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
, Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy --
unleashes his trademark misogyny
his trademark misogyny
trademark misogyny
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
an overflowing septic tank
overflowing septic tank
septic tank
septic
tank
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ...
rusted-out ruin
rusted-out
ruin
ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third
emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
belittle a cinema classic .
belittle a cinema classic
It 's quite diverting nonsense .
's quite diverting nonsense
Witless and utterly pointless .
Witless and utterly pointless
and utterly pointless
utterly pointless
to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
underplayed
that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
spare , unchecked heartache
unchecked heartache
The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery
-LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery
At its worst the screenplay is callow , but
At its worst the screenplay is callow ,
At its worst the screenplay is callow
the screenplay is callow
is callow
as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
political Blair Witch ,
a monstrous murk
because it can never be seen
Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
temperamental child
temperamental
begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
begging for attention ,
begging for attention
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
its decrepit freaks
decrepit freaks
decrepit
from their incessant whining
their incessant whining
incessant whining
Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
ignore but a little too smugly superior
but a little too smugly superior
but a little too smugly
a little too smugly
, this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
slapping its target audience in the face
slapping its target audience
by shooting itself in the foot
shooting itself in the foot
shooting itself
as sappy as Big Daddy
sappy as Big Daddy
Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
hate this one
, it 's not very good either .
it 's not very good either .
's not very good either .
's not very good either
's not very good
but mush-hearted .
Just a Kiss is a just a waste .
is a just a waste .
is a just a waste
a just a waste
just a waste
are often a stitch
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
with a grand whimper
a grand whimper
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent
of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film
loss and denial and life-at-arm 's -
loss and denial
seem irritatingly transparent
irritatingly transparent
irritatingly
that will upset or frighten young viewers
will upset or frighten young viewers
has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
the sort of bitter old crank
of bitter old crank
bitter old crank
sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
the supposed injustices
supposed injustices
without doing all that much to correct them
An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
guilt-suffused melodrama
crippled by poor casting .
by poor casting
poor casting
Impossible as it may sound
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
behavior and severe flaws
severe flaws
Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
far more interested in gross-out humor
gross-out humor
wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
typical problems
Dodgy mixture
Dodgy
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
to an aimless hodgepodge
an aimless hodgepodge
aimless hodgepodge
The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
The performances are so overstated
are so overstated
, the effect comes off as self-parody .
comes off as self-parody .
The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines
in which most of the characters forget their lines
most of the characters forget their lines
just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
just utter ` uhhh , '
is better than most of the writing in the movie
, if uneven ,
Every note rings false .
rings false .
rings false
extraordinarily silly thriller
A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
A seriously bad film with seriously
A seriously bad film
seriously bad film
seriously bad
warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level
warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer
warped logic
warped
will probably be in wedgie heaven .
wedgie
A literary detective story is still a detective story
Cinematic poo .
poo .
poo
know the meaning of the word ` quit
the meaning of the word ` quit
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad ,
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad
of story and his juvenile camera movements
story and his juvenile camera movements
juvenile camera movements
smack of a film school undergrad
a film school undergrad
film school undergrad
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
his maudlin ending
maudlin ending
might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
general absurdity
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
the condescending stereotypes
condescending stereotypes
So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
putrid it is not worth
it is not worth
is not worth
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
that should be used to burn every print of the film
should be used to burn every print of the film
be used to burn every print of the film
used to burn every print of the film
to burn every print of the film
It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
Macaroni and Cheese
tireless story
might want to think twice before booking passage
want to think twice before booking passage
In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
, Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
proved too difficult
too difficult
a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
a text to ` lick ,
despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama
only one problem
when you 're a struggling nobody
you 're a struggling nobody
a struggling nobody
struggling nobody
The obnoxious title character
obnoxious title character
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
does the thoroughly formulaic film
thoroughly formulaic film
, it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest
glossy Hollywood
at its laziest
its laziest
laziest
If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then
be on video
they grow up and you can wait till then
This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet
rote drivel
aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet
she is unable to save the movie
is unable to save the movie
unable to save the movie
to save the movie
Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in
That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in
That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes ,
That regurgitates and waters down many
That regurgitates and waters
depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
The whole mess
whole mess
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years .
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
a transparently hypocritical work
transparently hypocritical work
hypocritical work
that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
odd movies
Laced
liberal doses
We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
wane
to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying
inconsistent and
ultimately unsatisfying
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ...
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself
Makin ' a fool of himself
Losin ' his fan base
Losin '
Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try
pure venality --
pure venality
old college try
It 's an effort to watch this movie ,
It 's an effort to watch this movie
effort to watch this movie
Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare
A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
wo n't stand the cold light of day
the cold light
cold light
Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
has a film 's title served such dire warning .
has a film 's title served such dire warning
a film 's title served such dire warning
like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow
Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
of other , better movies
other , better movies
slapped together .
slapped together
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
so you can get your money back
can get your money back
get your money back
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability
the insubstantial plot
insubstantial plot
insubstantial
even he is overwhelmed by predictability
he is overwhelmed by predictability
is overwhelmed by predictability
overwhelmed by predictability
required to give this comic slugfest some heart
Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
the scuzzy underbelly
scuzzy underbelly
scuzzy
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film ,
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film
is not Edward Burns ' best film
It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
a feel-bad ending
feel-bad ending
feel-bad
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
a depressing story
depressing story
throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
Woody , what happened ?
its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
wander about in thick clouds of denial
about in thick clouds of denial
in thick clouds of denial
thick clouds of denial
of denial
A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction
limpid and conventional historical fiction
limpid and
If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
, it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
$ 99 bargain-basement special
bargain-basement special
The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message ,
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message
is grossly contradictory
grossly contradictory
One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
of routine stuff Yuen
routine stuff Yuen
with every mournful composition
every mournful composition
Purgatory County
contentious configurations
to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
its paint-by-numbers plot
paint-by-numbers plot
It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
It might not be 1970s animation ,
everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
straight from the Saturday morning cartoons
-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
a retread story , bad writing , and
a retread story , bad writing
a retread story
retread story
the same old silliness
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless ,
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless
Soulless and -- even more damning --
Soulless and
-- even more damning --
even more damning --
virtually joyless
achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence
near virtuosity in its crapulence
in its crapulence
its crapulence
crapulence
go from stark desert
Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
and undemanding armchair tourists
undemanding armchair tourists
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and
the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
something creepy and vague
creepy and vague
it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
goes awry
of the war
reeking of research library dust
reeking
research library dust
Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite
Just a string of stale gags ,
Just a string of stale gags
of stale gags
stale gags
with no good inside dope , and no particular bite
no good inside dope , and no particular bite
no good inside dope , and
no good inside dope
no particular bite
's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
far too fleeting
too fleeting
squander on offal like this
on offal like this
offal
Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
crippled children
After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism
might not be as palatable as intended .
might not be as palatable as intended
Slap me , I saw this movie .
Slap me
The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
ignored it
old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
juvenile delinquent
The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
maudlin focus
on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
naive dreams
play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
of Hollywood heart-string plucking
A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
does n't give you enough to feel good about .
does n't give you enough to feel good about
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior
The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
end this flawed , dazzling series
The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
heedless
is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
is on full , irritating display
full , irritating display
irritating display
in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
-RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import
meandering and pointless
The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
fuddled
drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
Low rent from frame one .
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches ,
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches
has been overexposed ,
has been overexposed
redolent of a thousand cliches
redolent
of a thousand cliches
thousand cliches
The most repugnant adaptation
most repugnant adaptation
most repugnant
repugnant
Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum
with a tawdry B-movie scum
a tawdry B-movie scum
tawdry B-movie scum
B-movie scum
scum
A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
too concerned
feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful
feel cheated
the high infidelity
of Unfaithful
If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .
presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
receding
hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
weathered
American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
ridiculously inappropriate
Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
subscriber
be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
that it has n't gone straight to video
come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
come off as pantomimesque sterotypes
as pantomimesque sterotypes
pantomimesque sterotypes
sterotypes
A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
demonic
on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
works better the less the brain is engaged
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it
who possibly will enjoy it
are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
are infants
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and
distracted by the movie 's quick movements
distracted
Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
strands his superb performers in the same old story
in the same old story
the same old story
same old story
old story
that omnibus tradition called marriage
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting ,
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting
an ungainly movie ,
an ungainly movie
ungainly movie
ungainly
with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
It sucked .
sucked .
But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
how it washed out despite all of that
it washed out despite all of that
washed out despite all of that
washed out
More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
profanities
replaced by romance-novel platitudes
... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
supermarket tabloids
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama
Oversexed , at times
Oversexed
overwrought comedy\/drama
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single
offers little insight
the outer limits of raunch
is amiss in the world .
is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .
is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
whole damned thing
damned thing
get our moral hackles up
get our moral hackles
our moral hackles
desperation and cinematic deception
and cinematic deception
cinematic deception
Stale , futile scenario .
Stale , futile scenario
Stale ,
With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
, Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs ,
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm
a simple `` Goddammit
`` Goddammit
Goddammit
Feels familiar and tired .
Feels familiar and tired
familiar and tired
the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot
in the story and the somewhat predictable plot
the story and the somewhat predictable plot
the somewhat predictable plot
somewhat predictable plot
somewhat predictable
Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
pretends to be passionate and truthful but
pretends to be passionate and truthful
is really frustratingly timid and soggy
frustratingly timid and soggy
timid and soggy
be underestimated
The movie is a mess from start to finish .
is a mess from start to finish .
is a mess from start to finish
a mess from start to finish
subjective
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
In other words , about as bad a film
other words , about as bad a film
as bad a film
The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover
The most ill-conceived animated comedy
most ill-conceived animated comedy
most ill-conceived
never takes hold .
does n't work for me .
does n't work for me
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about
An unremittingly ugly movie
unremittingly ugly movie
unremittingly ugly
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
has cheapened the artistry of making a film
cheapened the artistry of making a film
cheapened
It 's that painful .
's that painful .
's that painful
The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
stifling a yawn or two
a yawn or
a yawn
yawn
spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller
in this predictable thriller
predictable thriller
in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage
could prove to be another man 's garbage
Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
her welcome in her most charmless performance
welcome in her most charmless
in her most charmless
her most charmless
most charmless
uncertainties
A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
A mediocre exercise in target demographics
A mediocre exercise
mediocre exercise
, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke
unaware
that it 's the butt of its own joke
it 's the butt of its own joke
's the butt of its own joke
the butt of its own joke
the butt
enough sardonic
to keep it from being maudlin
a bow-wow
doofus-on
a cocky , after-hours loopiness
after-hours
The comedy is nonexistent .
is nonexistent .
A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man
A wretched movie
wretched movie
wretched
of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up
If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;
If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
is n't quite
, it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
no discernible feeling
bluster and
you 'd never guess that from the performances .
The movie is hardly a masterpiece ,
The movie is hardly a masterpiece
is hardly a masterpiece
befallen
Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
for granted in most films are mishandled here
mishandled here
mishandled
-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but
-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ,
-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
-RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
accused of being a bit undisciplined
of being a bit undisciplined
undisciplined
like a discarded House Beautiful spread
The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
, you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing
Lawrence should stick to his day job .
should stick to his day job .
should stick to his day job
stick to his day job
its deft portrait
paranoia , and
like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast
As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
was n't enough
this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
this equally derisive clunker
equally derisive clunker
equally derisive
derisive
clunker
It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
a drag
Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
for whom she shows little understanding
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
Such a bad movie
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
to one of those ignorant
pinheads who talk throughout the show .
pinheads who talk throughout the show
pinheads
holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point
is relatively slow to come to the point
relatively slow to come to the point
slow to come to the point
- hour , dissipated length .
Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
, you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
turns into an ocean of trouble
into an ocean of trouble
In the end , there is n't much to it .
, there is n't much to it .
there is n't much to it .
is n't much to it .
is n't much to it
It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
all the bad things in the world \/
all the bad things
the bad things
Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
Like puppies with broken legs
puppies with broken legs
butterflies that die
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
of adolescent violence
What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
becomes increasingly implausible as it races
increasingly implausible as it races
increasingly implausible as it
through contrived plot points
contrived plot points
felt with a sardonic jolt
sardonic jolt
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
disrobed most of the cast ,
the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
Well-meaning but inert
An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
An inconsequential
bit of piffle .
of piffle
Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
an ancient librarian
if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or
you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
is too much of a plunge
too much of a plunge
much of a plunge
For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash
expects something special but
instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash
-LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash
his control
need comforting fantasies about mental illness
Two tedious
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ;
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
crude and unrelentingly exploitative
and unrelentingly exploitative
unrelentingly exploitative
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore .
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : `
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be :
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ...
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece
chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece
, remote , emotionally distant piece
remote , emotionally distant piece
emotionally distant piece
In space , no one can hear you snore
, no one can hear you snore
no one can hear you snore
can hear you snore
you snore
snore
Just offbeat
Lurid and less than lucid work .
Lurid and less than lucid work
Lurid and less
Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
treads heavily
into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
where it plainly has no business going
it plainly has no business going
isolated
are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
lost in the thin soup of canned humor
in the thin soup of canned humor
the thin soup of canned humor
thin soup
of canned humor
canned humor
If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
If there 's a heaven for bad movies
there 's a heaven for bad movies
's a heaven for bad movies
for bad movies
the underdog sports team formula redux
Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
just seem like a bad idea from frame one
seem like a bad idea from frame one
like a bad idea from frame one
a bad idea from frame one
a bad idea
Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
Despite its sincere acting
, Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
another unoriginal run
unoriginal run
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending
with a flimsy ending
flimsy ending
It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
, at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
, has stopped challenging himself
has stopped challenging himself
stopped challenging himself
Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
does n't quite know how to fill a frame
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen
made for the big screen , some for the small screen
the small screen
were made for the palm screen
the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed
may be a bit disjointed
be a bit disjointed
a bit disjointed
that you wo n't care
you wo n't care
wo n't care
not every low-budget movie
must be quirky or bleak
be quirky or bleak
quirky or bleak
cinematic sin
The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
is a desperate miscalculation
a desperate miscalculation
desperate miscalculation
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
creeping into the second half
It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
irritates and saddens me
irritates and saddens
irritates and
irritates
saddens
that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens
explode obnoxiously
obnoxiously
while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
languishing on a shelf somewhere
languishing
, rather chaotic
rather chaotic
is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
nit-picky
A tedious
Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
stabs
It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
feel anything much while watching this movie ,
beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
mild disturbance or detached pleasure
disturbance or detached pleasure
disturbance
Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
hit on a 15-year old
The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .
The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB-
The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
fills me with revulsion .
fills me with revulsion
with revulsion
There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale
's not a fresh idea
inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
A mimetic approximation of better films
of better films
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
still could have been room for the war scenes
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ;
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line
applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line
Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story
'' starts out like a typical Bible killer story
starts out like a typical Bible killer story
like a typical Bible killer story
a typical Bible killer story
The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting
looked like crap ,
looked like crap
like crap
crap is what I was expecting
I was expecting
that it 's not nearly long enough
feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
feels labored ,
and often contradictory
often contradictory
A film with a great premise but only a great premise
a great premise but only a great premise
One of those so-so films that could have been much better .
One of those so-so films that could have been much better
of those so-so films that could have been much better
those so-so films that could have been much better
that could have been much better
could have been much better
been much better
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
talky films
when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
, he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
, they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets
cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets
cursing
should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
an unschooled comedy
unschooled comedy
unschooled
like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
The great pity
great pity
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash ,
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
cut their losses -- and ours -- and
cut their losses
retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
of Direct-to-Video Nash
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
in a bid to hold our attention
a bid to hold our attention
grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
grows monotonous
a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
treachery
be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and
sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss
another clever if pointless excursion
if pointless excursion
the abyss
seem odd bedfellows
odd bedfellows
At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
learned the hard way just
, Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
paints an absurdly simplistic picture
an absurdly simplistic picture
absurdly simplistic picture
absurdly simplistic
film school brat
The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
The film 's lack of personality
The film 's lack
permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes
child acting
to the dullest Irish pub scenes
the dullest Irish pub scenes
dullest Irish pub scenes
Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love
aching
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again ,
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again
is deja vu all over again
while that is a cliche
that is a cliche
is a cliche
could be more appropriate
The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
recite some of this laughable dialogue
some of this laughable dialogue
laughable dialogue
Stress ` dumb . '
Stress ` dumb .
Stress ` dumb
` dumb
the problems of fledgling democracies
While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
's also uninspired ,
's also uninspired
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
not one clever line of dialogue
not one clever line
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
the maudlin way its story unfolds
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
sermonize
It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe
arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe
arrogant
Pryor wannabe
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
offensive , puerile and
offensive , puerile
unimaginatively foul-mouthed
unimaginatively
foul-mouthed
The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
most frightening
mediocre horror film
too bad to be good and
too bad to be good
bad to be good
to be bad
be bad
Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star
Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
virtually no one
, the project should have been made for the tube .
the project should have been made for the tube .
should have been made for the tube .
should have been made for the tube
made for the tube
for the tube
no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
no clear-cut hero
all-out
feels strange
as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film
turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film
turn nasty and tragic
nasty and
thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .
thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
Christian Right propaganda machine
primitive animated special effects
Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity
of stupefying absurdity
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ;
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers
for philosophers , not filmmakers
philosophers , not filmmakers
philosophers , not
If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
a script that assumes you are n't very bright
that assumes you are n't very bright
assumes you are n't very bright
you are n't very bright
are n't very bright
on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
creepy atmosphere
if the screenplay falls somewhat short
the screenplay falls somewhat short
falls somewhat short
somewhat short
is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book
Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story .
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence
wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence
excessively tiresome
The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be
Uncertainty Principle
verbally pretentious as the title may be
pretentious as the title may be
has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
as you discount its ability to bore
you discount its ability to bore
to bore
brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
during the offbeat musical numbers
after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
, frightening war scenes
frightening war scenes
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ...
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge
as lumpy as two-day old porridge
lumpy as two-day old porridge
as two-day old porridge
two-day old porridge
old porridge
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say ,
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say
were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
over this `` un-bear-able '' project
this `` un-bear-able '' project
`` un-bear-able '' project
un-bear-able '' project
un-bear-able
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
some of the back-story is a little tired
There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
no excuse
a computer-generated cold fish
computer-generated cold fish
cold fish
On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
On top of a foundering performance
a foundering performance
foundering performance
-LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
emphasizes every line and sag
is n't world championship material
up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick
as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona ,
is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona
a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona
of the nincompoop Benigni persona
nincompoop Benigni persona
nincompoop
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
here a more annoying , though less angry
a more annoying , though less angry
a more annoying , though
a more annoying
more annoying
version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
irresponsible Sandlerian
undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
punctuated by flying guts
melodramatic and predictable
melodramatic and
frantic efforts
Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
a lingering creepiness one
lingering creepiness one
feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
a sad , sordid universe
sad , sordid universe
, sordid universe
sordid universe
, avarice and damaged dreams
avarice and damaged dreams
avarice
and damaged dreams
Mobius strip
I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
's not enough substance here
's not enough substance
to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
, especially with the weak payoff
especially with the weak payoff
with the weak payoff
the weak payoff
weak payoff
The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
but its just not a thrilling movie
its just not a thrilling movie
just not a thrilling movie
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling
Weighted down with slow ,
Weighted down with slow
Weighted down
uninvolving storytelling
flat acting
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
waters it down ,
waters it down
No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes
can render it anything but laughable .
can render it anything but laughable
render it anything but laughable
anything but laughable
What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room ''
goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room ''
is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and
witlessness
a not-so-bright mother and daughter
not-so-bright mother and daughter
an even less capable trio of criminals
an even less capable trio
even less capable trio
even less capable
less capable
Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
Illiterate
inert sci-fi action thriller .
inert sci-fi action thriller
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic
the picture itself is somewhat problematic
somewhat problematic
Inherently caustic and
the unexplainable pain
unexplainable pain
are attached to the concept of loss
to the concept of loss
the concept of loss
of loss
Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive ,
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
contrived , unmotivated , and
contrived , unmotivated ,
contrived , unmotivated
unmotivated
psychologically unpersuasive
an inconclusive ending
inconclusive ending
inconclusive
of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality
a lost ideal
lost ideal
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
the dead horse of surprise
the dead horse
as if it were an obligation
were an obligation
A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .
A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks
mediocre special effects
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all --
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents
hoary dialogue ,
-- worst of all --
worst of all --
silly-looking Morlocks
silly-looking
The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
does n't generate a lot of energy .
does n't generate a lot of energy
One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
to either effort in three hours of screen time
The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
plastered with one Hollywood cliche
one Hollywood cliche
after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
getting the better of obnoxious adults
the better of obnoxious adults
obnoxious adults
to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
treading water at best in this forgettable effort
in this forgettable effort
this forgettable effort
forgettable effort
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny
Loud , chaotic and
largely unfunny
Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid
pseudo-intellectual kid
has intentionally left college or was killed
The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters
is a disaster ,
with cloying messages and irksome characters
cloying messages and irksome characters
cloying messages
irksome characters
Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick
standard slasher flick
thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
None of this sounds promising and ,
None of this sounds promising and
None of this sounds promising
indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
, the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
as appalling as any ` comedy '
appalling as any ` comedy '
ever spill from a projector 's lens
This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
an expiration date passed a long time ago
but intellectually stultifying
intellectually stultifying
the curse of a self-hatred instilled
a self-hatred instilled
self-hatred instilled
It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
aimlessly and unsuccessfully
aimlessly and
unsuccessfully
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
fuse at least three dull plots
at least three dull plots
dull plots
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama
of lurid melodrama
after the death of a child
by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
even the corniest and most hackneyed
even the corniest and
even the corniest
the corniest
corniest
most hackneyed
is amusing for about three minutes .
is amusing for about three minutes
amusing for about three minutes
play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
play off each other virtually to a stand-off ,
play off each other virtually to a stand-off
with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
card being the dreary mid-section of the film
being the dreary mid-section of the film
dreary mid-section
The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
The problem with the film
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
Auschwitz
Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
feels contrived ,
feels contrived
if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
the filmmakers were worried
were worried
those gimmicks
gimmicks
The picture runs a mere 84 minutes ,
of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact
an awkward Hitchcockian theme
awkward Hitchcockian theme
pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
terrorizing tone
terrorizing
The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation
The notion of deleting emotion from people
Prozac Nation
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
is so insanely dysfunctional
so insanely dysfunctional
insanely dysfunctional
that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
a concept doofus
concept doofus
Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
as unusually and unimpressively fussy
unimpressively fussy
unimpressively
fussy
without cheesy fun factor
live-action cartoon
88 minutes of exaggerated action
exaggerated action
put together with the preteen boy in mind .
put together with the preteen boy in mind
-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
somewhat cumbersome
Could use a little more humanity , but
Could use a little more humanity ,
Could use a little more humanity
lacks in eye-popping visuals
Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
, Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence :
'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence
This erotic cannibal movie is boring
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot --
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot
is n't a new plot
is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
's all derivative
all derivative
old tropes
That the e-graveyard
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick
up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick
nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone
The film 's only missteps
come from the script 's insistence
At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
is a film for the under-7 crowd
for the under-7 crowd
Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
Jaw-droppingly superficial
, straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days
down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
down badly as we
down badly
Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
he portrays himself in a one-note performance
portrays himself in a one-note performance
in a one-note performance
a one-note performance
one-note performance
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
An awful movie that
An awful movie
awful movie
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers
emotionally malleable
but blatantly biased .
but blatantly biased
blatantly biased
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ,
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
fragmentary narrative style
makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
piecing the story together frustrating difficult
the story together frustrating difficult
together frustrating difficult
together frustrating
Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
leaves no Southern stereotype unturned
It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film
It is very difficult to care about the character , and
It is very difficult to care about the character ,
It is very difficult to care about the character
is very difficult to care about the character
is very difficult
very difficult
that is the central flaw of the film
is the central flaw of the film
the central flaw of the film
the central flaw
central flaw
pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
, ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
, provocative and vainglorious
An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
An empty , ugly exercise
empty , ugly exercise
, ugly exercise
ugly exercise
in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
druggy
trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
and trumped-up street credibility
After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
forgotten the movie
you get back to your car in the parking lot
get back to your car in the parking lot
The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
flounders under the weight of too many story lines
flounders
under the weight of too many story lines
the weight of too many story lines
of too many story lines
too many story lines
Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
is both a snore and utter tripe .
is both a snore and utter tripe
a snore and utter tripe
a snore and
a snore
utter tripe
The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
The troubling thing about Clockstoppers
The troubling thing
is that it does n't make any sense .
is that it does n't make any sense
it does n't make any sense
does n't make any sense
There 's no good answer to that one .
's no good answer to that one .
no good answer to that one
no good answer
more simply intrusive to the story
more simply intrusive
simply intrusive
the intended , er , spirit
It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
a road-trip drama
too many wrong turns
Seriously , rent the Disney version .
, rent the Disney version .
rent the Disney version
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though ,
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though
'll forget about it by Monday , though
forget about it by Monday , though
forget about it by Monday
forget about it
Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
many such biographical melodramas
, it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
the messiness
No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
No cute factor
here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
I mind ugly
mind ugly
; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise
he has no character , loveable or otherwise
has no character , loveable or otherwise
no character , loveable or otherwise
no character ,
no character
unsatisfying ending
Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
, this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression
It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
from its unsettling prognosis
its unsettling prognosis
is a kind of perpetual pain
a kind of perpetual pain
If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
the dog from Snatch -RRB-
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
a trashy little
a trashy
fluff stuffed
a bewildering sense
of self-importance
If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid
Like a can of 2-day old Coke .
Like a can of 2-day old Coke
a can of 2-day old Coke
of 2-day old Coke
2-day old Coke
What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
no amount of imagination , no creature
no amount of imagination ,
no amount of imagination
May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
not amused by the sick sense of humor
by the sick sense of humor
the sick sense
sick sense
to the bloated costume drama
the bloated costume drama
It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
a sappy , preachy one at that
a sappy , preachy one
sappy , preachy one
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them
crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them
a mediocre screenplay
mediocre screenplay
is not one of them
A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
about the folly of superficiality that is itself
the folly of superficiality that is itself
the folly of superficiality
of superficiality
endlessly superficial .
superficial .
It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't
I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither
I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but
sleazy and
The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
to the movie 's rude and crude humor
the movie 's rude and crude humor
rude and crude humor
and crude humor
falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
falling into the Hollywood trap and
falling into the Hollywood trap
Hollywood trap
making a vanity project with nothing new
a vanity project
Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
, I did n't care .
I did n't care .
did n't care .
The chocolate factory without Charlie .
Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
, why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free
buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free
The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
you might as well be watching a rerun
might as well be watching a rerun
watching a rerun
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold
Rollerball left us cold
left us cold
Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
its own ludicrous terms
ludicrous terms
, The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series
generates little narrative momentum , and
generates little narrative momentum ,
generates little narrative momentum
little narrative momentum
invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series
invites unflattering comparisons
unflattering comparisons
unflattering
This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
This mess of a movie
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
a travesty of a transvestite comedy
a travesty
transvestite comedy
A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
A determined , ennui-hobbled slog
determined , ennui-hobbled slog
ennui-hobbled
that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
really does n't have much to say beyond the news
does n't have much to say beyond the news
loneliness can make people act weird
can make people act weird
people act weird
act weird
The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere
is unfocused ,
is unfocused
while the story goes nowhere
the story goes nowhere
causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen
Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
the suggested and the unknown
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
have to admit I walked out of Runteldat
to admit I walked out of Runteldat
admit I walked out of Runteldat
I walked out of Runteldat
walked out of Runteldat
Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time
exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie
would have made this a superior movie
It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but
It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery
a little underconfident
underconfident
Cyndi Lauper
-LRB- Ferrera -RRB-
Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
at best , I 'm afraid .
'm afraid .
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago
profoundly devastating events
slow , painful healing process
, painful
gets too cloying
its unadorned view
unadorned
subtle direction
Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity
stories drowned by all too clever complexity
little alien
that 's been done before
's been done before
Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
the misleading title
misleading
, what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
's with the unexplained baboon cameo
with the unexplained baboon cameo
Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
, this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal
does not really
should be tried as a war criminal
be tried as a war criminal
tried as a war criminal
Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but
Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture ,
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
's always disappointing
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
its chosen topic
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick ,
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick
A frustrating ` tweener ' --
A frustrating ` tweener '
frustrating ` tweener '
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical ,
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical
exploitative for the art houses and
too cynical
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious
simplistic and more than a little pretentious
more than a little pretentious
illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey
suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action
a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action
a laconic pace and
a laconic pace
laconic pace
a lack of traditional action
Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
too simple and
too simple
the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
the plot almost arbitrary
into this somewhat tired premise
this somewhat tired premise
somewhat tired premise
somewhat tired
After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
, Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
become annoying and artificial
annoying and artificial
annoying and
flaws , but also
flaws ,
Who cares ? -RRB- .
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
Exploitative and largely devoid
Exploitative and
largely devoid
that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
has a needlessly downbeat ending that
has a needlessly downbeat
a needlessly downbeat
is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
is too heavy for all that has preceded it
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
of torture and self-mutilation
torture and self-mutilation
torture and
if forgettable
can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .
get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
trying to have it both ways
It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
does n't have anything really interesting to say .
does n't have anything really interesting to say
be a total loss
a total loss
total loss
Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy
Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and
Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man ,
might drive you crazy
condescension from every pore .
Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
, obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades
set the cause of woman warriors back decades
The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis
an ` action film ' mired in stasis
mired in stasis
Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight
quite a nosedive
nosedive
to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
self-important summer fluff
summer fluff
a simple premise
It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
lost the politics and the social observation
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
just another situation romance
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
in an inarticulate screenplay
an inarticulate screenplay
inarticulate
The film 's plot may be shallow , but
The film 's plot may be shallow ,
The film 's plot may be shallow
may be shallow
be shallow
This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
dismiss -- moody ,
dismiss -- moody
dismiss --
this would be Catechism
much stranger than any fiction
Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
run out of gas
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors ,
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors
've seen some bad singer-turned actors
seen some bad singer-turned actors
some bad singer-turned actors
bad singer-turned actors
Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
dry of humor , verve and fun
A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
A pathetically inane and unimaginative
A pathetically
inane and unimaginative
lived in a state of quiet desperation
becomes claustrophobic
But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
I had a lot of problems with this movie .
had a lot of problems with this movie .
had a lot of problems with this movie
a lot of problems
slow down
breezy , distracted rhythms
distracted rhythms
The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort
raging throughout this three-hour effort
hell-bent
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
exceptionally dreary and overwrought
dreary and overwrought
every bit as imperious
as imperious
In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment
the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
dehumanizing and ego-destroying
dehumanizing and
dehumanizing
ego-destroying
unemployment
much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
for a fun -- but bad -- movie
a fun -- but bad -- movie
fun -- but bad -- movie
-- but bad -- movie
-- but bad --
as a matinee
Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
like a cold old man going through the motions .
like a cold old man going through the motions
as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
spooky action-packed trash
action-packed trash
give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise
to its ultimate demise
its ultimate demise
ultimate demise
of an ignored people
Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and
then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
that feels dusty and leatherbound
dusty
dirty jokes
In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
In a big corner office in Hell
a big corner office in Hell
, Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people ,
is throwing up his hands in surrender ,
throwing up his hands in surrender
is firing his R&D people
Disguise 24\/7
It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
does n't really know or care about the characters , and
does n't really know or care about the characters ,
does n't really know or care about the characters
-- if predictable --
cautions
Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
's far too tragic
far too tragic
to merit such superficial treatment
such superficial treatment
superficial treatment
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
, like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
is disgusting to begin with
disgusting to begin with
, then you 're in for a painful ride .
then you 're in for a painful ride .
you 're in for a painful ride .
're in for a painful ride .
're in for a painful ride
for a painful ride
a painful ride
painful ride
a somber film ,
unrelieved by any comedy
Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull
Journalistically dubious , inept
Journalistically dubious ,
often lethally dull
lethally dull
He 's not good with people .
The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
The sheer dumbness
sheer dumbness
of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
of sleaziness
sleaziness
get you down
Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
Priggish
lethargically paced parable of renewal .
lethargically
is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented
it portrays , tiresomely regimented
portrays , tiresomely regimented
portrays , tiresomely
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
yet unforgivingly inconsistent
unforgivingly inconsistent
unforgivingly
`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
'' is a big time stinker .
is a big time stinker .
is a big time stinker
a big time stinker
big time stinker
time stinker
Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
, I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
if they looked at how this movie turned out
It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
to question why somebody might devote time to see it
somebody might devote time to see it
And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
second , what 's with all the shooting ?
what 's with all the shooting
Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
, never rises above the level of a telanovela .
above the level of a telanovela
paranoid impulse
's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .
no clear picture
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process ,
some serious issues
the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
a party political broadcast
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
The action here is unusually tame
here is unusually tame
unusually tame
, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest
are too simplistic to maintain interest
too simplistic to maintain interest
the plot offers few surprises
offers few surprises
all kinds of obstacles
The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
druggy and self-indulgent ,
druggy and self-indulgent
like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
for pretentious arts majors
glib but
It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter
kilt-wearing Jackson
could have been much stronger
Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
the chaotic horror
, but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?
Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
death , especially
suicide
A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
A disaster of a drama
When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
, then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
's the perfect cure for insomnia .
's the perfect cure for insomnia
the perfect cure for insomnia
be credited with remembering his victims
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue
disgracefully written dialogue
disgracefully
with flailing bodily movements
, Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
awkwardly paced
soap opera-ish story
opera-ish story
relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good
on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good
scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario
Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
intimidated by both her subject matter and
intimidated by both her subject matter
period trappings
with outrageous tendencies
outrageous tendencies
may be a mess in a lot of ways .
may be a mess in a lot of ways
be a mess in a lot of ways
a mess in a lot of ways
of domestic tension and unhappiness
domestic tension and unhappiness
where its recent predecessor miserably
its recent predecessor miserably
miserably
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
the dreadfulness
dreadfulness
steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films
steals so freely from other movies and
steals so freely from other movies
Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
shocking in its eroticized gore
if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons
dull in its lack of poetic frissons
in its lack of poetic frissons
its lack of poetic frissons
Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull
glacially paced , and often just plain dull
paced , and often just plain dull
just plain dull
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them
A fake street drama that keeps telling you
A fake street drama
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire
Confuses its message
contorting itself into an idea of expectation
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
baffled the folks in the marketing department
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
its solemn pretension
solemn pretension
prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself
from sharing the awe in which it holds itself
a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord
cultural , sexual and social discord
If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
find an escape clause
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
seeing this trite , predictable rehash
this trite , predictable rehash
trite , predictable rehash
, predictable rehash
predictable rehash
these days are about nothing
seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
relentlessly globalizing
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
It made me feel unclean , and
It made me feel unclean ,
It made me feel unclean
made me feel unclean
me feel unclean
unclean
Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor
has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life
unhappy , repressed and twisted
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
whatever fills time --
fills time
with no unified whole
And it 's a lousy one at that .
it 's a lousy one at that .
's a lousy one at that .
's a lousy one at that
a lousy one at that
a lousy one
lousy one
want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow
lie down in a dark room with something cool
gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour
bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour
down by hit-and-miss topical humour
ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter
get no satisfaction
no satisfaction
This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
angst-ridden
was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People
covered earlier and much better
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and
is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
take me back to a time before I saw this movie
I could just skip it
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
blasphemous bad
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
most of his budget
for the slain rappers
slain rappers
slain
, it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
a taunt
for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
many of us have not yet recovered
have not yet recovered
off-season
After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears
for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
brutal 90-minute battle sequence
issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
is loopy and ludicrous ...
is loopy and ludicrous
loopy and
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
been a hoot in a bad-movie way
a hoot in a bad-movie way
in a bad-movie way
a bad-movie way
bad-movie way
bad-movie
if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
the laborious pacing and
the laborious pacing
laborious pacing
endless exposition
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
grinds itself out
grinds itself
in increasingly incoherent fashion
increasingly incoherent fashion
increasingly incoherent
, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way
Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself
of a physician who needs to heal himself
It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled
the film itself is small and shriveled
itself is small and shriveled
is small and shriveled
Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being
a movie with no reason for being
with no reason for being
no reason for being
The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but
The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency ,
The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
no respect
its flawed , crazy people
flawed , crazy people
flawed , crazy
The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
The film lapses
film lapses
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery
sentiment and withholds delivery
and withholds delivery
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing
a hundred of them can be numbing
can be numbing
be numbing
A dark , dull thriller with a parting
A dark , dull thriller
dark , dull thriller
, dull thriller
dull thriller
shot that misfires .
that misfires
misfires
Audacious-impossible
own floundering way
floundering way
floundering
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing
nothing special and , until the final act , nothing
nothing special and , until the final act ,
overtly disagreeable
disagreeable
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next
a haunted house ,
Blimp
The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
itself are little more than routine .
little more than routine
Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
from its cheesy screenplay
its cheesy screenplay
cheesy screenplay
to the grayish quality of its lighting
grayish quality
grayish
to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
last-minute
, haphazard theatrical release
haphazard theatrical release
A movie that 's just plain awful but still
that 's just plain awful but still
's just plain awful but still
just plain awful but still
just plain awful but
just plain awful
plain awful
you thought would leave you cold
thought would leave you cold
would leave you cold
leave you cold
Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
Britney Spears ' phoniness
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay
contrived , lame screenplay
, lame screenplay
lame screenplay
listless direction
can detract from the affection of that moral favorite
detract from the affection of that moral favorite
classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
Terminally brain dead production .
Terminally brain dead production
dead production
Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
overweight and out of shape
overweight and out
Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
to be because it plays everything too safe
because it plays everything too safe
it plays everything too safe
everything too safe
too safe
trial for crimes against humanity
crimes against humanity
against humanity
dubious human being
the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse --
the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse
for brief nudity and a grisly corpse
a grisly corpse
grisly corpse
on its own self-referential hot air
own self-referential hot air
self-referential hot air
hot air
If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities
swallow its absurdities and crudities
its absurdities and crudities
Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
Cheap ,
vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
vulgar dialogue and
vulgar dialogue
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
that crawls along at a snail 's pace
crawls along at a snail 's pace
crawls along
a snail 's pace
Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
The acting is n't much better .
is n't much better .
is n't much better
the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying
It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep ,
's pretty linear and only makeup-deep
only makeup-deep
That 's its first sign of trouble .
's its first sign of trouble
A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller
good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller
good-looking but ultimately pointless
ultimately pointless
with plenty of action and almost no substance
of action and almost no substance
action and almost no substance
almost no substance
no substance
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
to have been lost in the translation this time
have been lost in the translation this time
been lost in the translation this time
lost in the translation this time
A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell
by sending the audience straight to hell
sending the audience straight to hell
to hell
A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
A markedly inactive film , City
A markedly inactive film ,
A markedly inactive film
markedly inactive
inactive
bordering on confessional
to shock throughout the film
A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound
turned down
Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
simply feel wrong
who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
that was n't at least watchable
was n't at least watchable
for its rather slow beginning
its rather slow beginning
rather slow beginning
rather slow
want to string the bastard up .
want to string the bastard up
string the bastard up
string the bastard
the bastard
Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
leaden script
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
, the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
feels rigged and sluggish .
feels rigged and sluggish
rigged and sluggish
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
Sunk
by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
scene-chewing
teeth-gnashing actorliness
teeth-gnashing
What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks
possible Argentine American Beauty reeks
Argentine American Beauty reeks
American Beauty reeks
by the time it 's done with us ,
foreign culture only
is pretty much the same all over
Staggeringly dreadful romance .
dreadful romance .
dreadful romance
fails him
Weird .
not a classic ,
not a classic
The film did n't move me one way or the other ,
The film did n't move me one way or the other
did n't move me one way or the other
if you want to see a flick about telemarketers
see a flick about telemarketers
And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
most late-night bull sessions
bull sessions
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
Ill-considered , unholy hokum .
, unholy hokum .
unholy hokum .
unholy hokum
the battery on your watch has died
has died
This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
This pathetic junk
pathetic junk
is barely an hour long .
that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
, so dumb
so dumb
Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
Feels less
like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
than a half-hearted fluke
a half-hearted fluke
half-hearted fluke
Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
Just too silly and
Just too silly
For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
, the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one
escaped the rut dug by the last one
the rut dug by the last one
At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
, Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
Herzog simply runs out of ideas and
Herzog simply runs out of ideas
simply runs out of ideas
runs out of ideas
leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
leaden as the movie sputters
as the movie sputters
the movie sputters
movie sputters
to its inevitable tragic conclusion
channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
Kathy Baker 's creepy turn
creepy turn
But no. .
Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
the low-grade cheese standards
low-grade cheese standards
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
makes the grade as tawdry trash .
makes the grade as tawdry trash
the grade as tawdry trash
as tawdry trash
tawdry trash
no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again
getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again
getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited --
getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
lags badly
in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
lurches between not-very-funny comedy
not-very-funny comedy
not-very-funny
, unconvincing dramatics
strongly reminiscent
Woefully pretentious .
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
that were already tired 10 years ago
were already tired
already tired
our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
our infantilized culture
entirely infantile
Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
sits there like a side dish no one ordered
like a side dish no one ordered
a side dish no one ordered
We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
ca n't really call it a work of art
A ragbag of cliches .
A ragbag of cliches
A ragbag
ragbag
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse
are bad
wives are worse
are worse
babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
of death in this bitter Italian comedy
this bitter Italian comedy
bitter Italian comedy
avert our eyes
For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
, Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
loses its fire midway ,
loses its fire
flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
its perfunctory conclusion
perfunctory conclusion
a couple of burnt-out cylinders
burnt-out
of grief and loss
drag an audience
harsh objectivity and refusal
objectivity and refusal
Disgusting .
` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
thankless situation
thankless
goes down easy
virtually no aftertaste
Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and
a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo
replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo
replete with the pubescent scandalous
with the pubescent scandalous
high-strung but flaccid drama
high-strung
look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
, but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
its not very informative about its titular character and
not very informative about its titular character
not very informative about its titular
no more challenging than your average television biopic
average television
dislocation
Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny
as particularly memorable or even all that funny
particularly memorable or even all that funny
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral
in a downward narcotized spiral
a downward narcotized spiral
narcotized
As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
typical Pax
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
will be lulled into a coma .
will be lulled into a coma
be lulled into a coma
lulled into a coma
lulled
a coma
though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
drag two-thirds through ,
drag two-thirds through
the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
never rises to its clever what-if concept .
the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties
the inanities of the contemporary music business
inanities
a rather sad story of the difficulties
a rather sad story
rather sad
the difficulties
lost .
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera
Every conceivable mistake
conceivable mistake
teetering on the edge of sanity
the edge of sanity
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters
its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters
of almost perpetually wasted characters
almost perpetually wasted characters
almost perpetually wasted
perpetually wasted
... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
hazy
that takes too long to shake
takes too long to shake
too long to shake
As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
, Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
sets a new benchmark for lameness .
sets a new benchmark for lameness
a new benchmark for lameness
for lameness
lameness
Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message
heavy-handed moralistic
None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
of this so-called satire
this so-called satire
so-called satire
of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids ,
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
a barely adequate babysitter
barely adequate babysitter
I 've got to give it thumbs down
've got to give it thumbs down
got to give it thumbs down
to give it thumbs down
give it thumbs down
it thumbs down
Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
sealed in a jar
left on a remote shelf indefinitely
left on a remote shelf
small-budget
if you have no interest in the gang-infested
you have no interest in the gang-infested
have no interest in the gang-infested
no interest in the gang-infested
no interest
the gang-infested
gang-infested
The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
the thousands of Americans who die hideously
who die hideously
die hideously
that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
hide its contrivances
a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
Hollywood too long has ignored
too long has ignored
This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
it takes to describe how bad it is
takes to describe how bad it is
to describe how bad it is
describe how bad it is
how bad it is
In this case zero .
case zero .
zero .
Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
B-movie category
is so incredibly inane
so incredibly inane
incredibly inane
is laughingly
The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious
, excruciatingly tedious
excruciatingly tedious
that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
starts making water torture seem appealing
water torture seem appealing
water torture
either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept
willing to go with this claustrophobic concept
to go with this claustrophobic concept
go with this claustrophobic concept
this claustrophobic concept
claustrophobic concept
these annoyances
capable Clayburgh
-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody
a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
's already a joke in the United States .
's already a joke in the United States
The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
The movie 's downfall
is to substitute plot for personality .
is to substitute plot for personality
substitute plot for personality
quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
sadness and obsession
sadness and
forced avuncular chortles
