good for the goose
good
amuses
This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
quiet , introspective and entertaining
, introspective and entertaining
introspective and entertaining
introspective and
entertaining
is worth seeking .
is worth seeking
fans
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
A positively thrilling combination
positively thrilling combination
positively
thrilling combination
thrilling
intrigue
a juicy soap opera
juicy soap opera
juicy
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions
of nearly epic proportions
nearly epic
epic
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis
rooted in a sincere performance
rooted
in a sincere performance
a sincere performance
sincere performance
sincere
The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
Importance
Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
Earnest ,
Earnest
thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
recommend Snow Dogs
recommend
a source of high hilarity
of high hilarity
high hilarity
high
hilarity
Pow
dream
the dreams of youth
The performances are an absolute joy .
are an absolute joy .
are an absolute joy
an absolute joy
absolute joy
joy
Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
extravagant
us
of good sense
good sense
I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
better
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
A welcome relief
welcome relief
, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story
a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story
a sweet and modest and
a sweet and modest
sweet and modest
sweet and
sweet
modest
ultimately winning story
winning story
winning
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
a bilingual charmer ,
a bilingual charmer
bilingual charmer
charmer
inspired
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr.
dizzily gorgeous
gorgeous
companion
In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
the Mood
Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
Love -- very much
Love --
Love
its mainland setting
The Wild Wild West
Wild
Best indie of the year , so far .
Best
indie of the year , so far .
indie of the year , so far
indie of the year ,
indie of the year
Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
defend himself
occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
a good indication
good indication
how serious-minded the film is
serious-minded the film
is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish
comedy
an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep
impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep
impeccable
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
The Importance of Being Earnest
offers opportunities for occasional smiles and
offers opportunities for occasional smiles
for occasional smiles
occasional smiles
give
theater
Wilde 's wit and
appropriate
Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
show than well-constructed narrative
than well-constructed narrative
well-constructed narrative
well-constructed
on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
inoffensive and actually rather sweet
rather sweet
more than a run-of-the-mill action
poetry
sounding
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
first computer-generated feature cartoon
to feel like other movies
considerable
followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty ,
the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty ,
the runaway success
runaway success
success
Full
something different
easily
heroes
interested in entertaining itself
interested
entertaining itself
in amusing us
amusing us
amusing
The movie 's progression
new
Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
Do n't judge this one too soon
it 's a dark , gritty story but
's a dark , gritty story
gritty
it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going
takes off in totally unexpected directions and
takes off in totally unexpected directions
totally unexpected directions
So could young romantics out on a date .
could young romantics out on a date
young romantics
romantics
a date
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm ,
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm
team
has some freakish powers of visual charm
freakish
of visual charm
visual charm
charm
the five writers
Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role
right at home in this French shocker
right at home
right
French shocker
If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
goal
, then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride
works spectacularly well ...
works spectacularly well
spectacularly well
spectacularly
well
A shiver-inducing
shiver-inducing
has about 25 minutes of decent material .
decent material
decent
Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB-
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling
the sensational true-crime
sensational true-crime
sensational
might like and more experimental in its storytelling
more experimental in its storytelling
more experimental
-RRB-
As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
As tricky and satisfying as any of David
tricky and satisfying as any of David
tricky and satisfying
satisfying
Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
cinematic
disagree
honestly
Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
tackled a meaty subject and
tackled a meaty subject
a meaty subject
meaty subject
meaty
drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
drawn engaging characters
engaging characters
engaging
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
peppering the pages with memorable zingers
with memorable zingers
memorable zingers
memorable
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
grace
to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
making it one of the best war movies ever made
it one of the best war movies ever made
one of the best war movies ever made
of the best war movies ever made
the best war movies ever made
the best war movies
best war movies
detailing
life
celebrated
a strong case
strong case
strong
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes
Thanks largely
all the interesting developments
interesting developments
interesting
silly
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , '
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
to call the film ` refreshing
call the film ` refreshing
` refreshing
refreshing
it is
Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
lead performances
are Oscar-size
Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
thriller
as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
is spooky and subtly in love with myth
is spooky and subtly
spooky and subtly
in love with myth
Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
Claude
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
beneath otherwise tender movements
tender movements
Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy
Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies
into a smart new comedy
a smart new comedy
smart new comedy
smart
Eric
But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
moment
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
than their funny accents
funny
action scenes
The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
right-thinking ' films
The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
, despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
gratuitous cinematic distractions
impressed
, is still good fun .
is still good fun .
is still good fun
good fun
fun
sex
garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
PG-13
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible :
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible
A smart , provocative drama
smart , provocative drama
, provocative drama
provocative drama
provocative
that does the nearly impossible
does the nearly impossible
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
above all
's a love story as sanguine as its title
a love story as sanguine as its title
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then
A very funny romantic comedy
very funny romantic comedy
very funny
ambition
say something about its subjects
-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
after the clever credits roll
the clever credits roll
clever credits roll
clever
-LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .
-LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary
An -RRB-
absorbing documentary
absorbing
work from start to finish .
common through-line
centers
Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction
This is a heartfelt story ...
This is a heartfelt story
is a heartfelt story
a heartfelt story
heartfelt story
heartfelt
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience
unsettling , memorable cinematic experience
, memorable cinematic experience
memorable cinematic experience
cinematic experience
does its predecessors proud .
does its predecessors proud
its predecessors proud
predecessors
proud
All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
, it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
a pretty good execution
pretty good execution
pretty good
pretty
of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
's a lot richer than the ones
a lot richer than the ones
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose ,
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose
the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose
the delicate forcefulness
delicate
the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
emotional connections
of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
Schindler 's
Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
Inventive , fun ,
Inventive , fun
Inventive ,
Inventive
intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
sexy
Tells a fascinating , compelling story .
Tells a fascinating , compelling story
a fascinating , compelling story
fascinating , compelling story
fascinating
, compelling story
compelling story
compelling
Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
recommended
viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency
its courage , ideas ,
its courage , ideas
its courage ,
technical proficiency
proficiency
great acting
great
In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
IMAX in short
, it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
's just as wonderful on the big screen .
's just as wonderful on the big screen
as wonderful on the big screen
wonderful on the big screen
wonderful
It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
recognizable
curiosity factors
with the solution to another
solution
... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy
comprehensible
even non-techies can enjoy
non-techies can enjoy
can enjoy
enjoy
Entertains
the perverse pleasure
pleasure
Disney
Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
the Q in Quirky
graced
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant
, and
resonant
its own
affection
the original
original
exalted
improvement
a particularly good film
particularly good film
particularly good
the comedy equivalent
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement
surprisingly ` solid ' achievement
surprisingly ` solid '
surprisingly
solid '
solid
achievement
Malcolm D. Lee
is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .
is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
an epic , but also
an epic
the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
a tenacious , humane fighter
tenacious
humane fighter
humane
Changing Lanes tries for more .
trying to please his mom
A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters
stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city
stylized Swedish fillm
Swedish
hold society in place
One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
most thoughtful films
most thoughtful
thoughtful
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
ethics
of moral compromise
to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
3000
Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
triumphantly
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
with a visually masterful work of quiet power
a visually masterful work of quiet power
a visually masterful work
visually masterful work
visually masterful
visually
masterful
of quiet power
quiet power
Masterpiece
to care about
care
appreciate
lovefest
all as Very Important
Important
Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
in earnest dramaturgy
earnest dramaturgy
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
a stirring visual sequence
stirring visual sequence
stirring
like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
swirling
a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
from pinnacle to pinnacle
pinnacle
rouses us .
rouses us
makes it seem
that attracts the young and fit
attracts the young and fit
fit
Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
a perfect performance
perfect performance
perfect
that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
the innocence
within a wallflower
300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
300 years of Russian history and culture
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
, seamless and sumptuous stream
seamless and sumptuous stream
seamless
and sumptuous stream
sumptuous stream
sumptuous
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time ,
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time
want nothing else than to show us a good time
than to show us a good time
to show us a good time
show us a good time
a good time
good time
in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed
, they succeed
they succeed
succeed
Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
Mr. Polanski is in his element here :
Mr. Polanski is in his element here
is in his element here
is in his element
, abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
of his spiritual survival
spiritual survival
spiritual
`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
is better than any summer blockbuster
better than any summer blockbuster
any summer blockbuster
summer blockbuster
blockbuster
hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
the tone for a summer of good stuff
for a summer of good stuff
a summer of good stuff
a summer
of good stuff
good stuff
's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
prove more potent and riveting
potent and riveting
potent and
potent
riveting
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
revelatory and
revelatory
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
achieving some honest insight into relationships
achieving some honest insight
some honest insight
honest insight
honest
most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
high-concept films
high-concept
candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
pat storylines , precious circumstances
precious circumstances
precious
beautiful stars
beautiful
If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion
a sweet , even delectable diversion
sweet , even delectable diversion
sweet , even delectable
, even delectable
even delectable
delectable
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people ,
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting
thoughtful and
surprisingly affecting
dared
with some powerful people
some powerful people
powerful people
powerful
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
idealistic kid
champion
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural
Keenly observed and
Keenly
refreshingly natural
refreshingly
, Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
, from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
, to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
the adrenaline jolt
adrenaline jolt
a sudden lunch rush
A brilliant gag
brilliant gag
brilliant
pay to see it
see it
A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
A triumph ,
A triumph
triumph
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
carries us effortlessly from darkness
carries us effortlessly
effortlessly
to light
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you
A fascinating , dark thriller
fascinating , dark thriller
that keeps you
keeps you
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
hooked
on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
the delicious pulpiness
delicious pulpiness
delicious
of its lurid fiction
fiction
kind
funnier
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
a bonus feature
bonus
who might enjoy this
might enjoy this
enjoy this
Daughter
reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds
open
One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
engaging and unpredictable character pieces
Intriguing and downright intoxicating .
Intriguing and downright intoxicating
Intriguing
downright intoxicating
intoxicating
Although fairly involving as far as it goes
fairly involving as far as it goes
having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
fresh
The movie is silly beyond comprehension ,
Sleek and arty .
Sleek and arty
Sleek
highlight
radical action
-LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument ,
's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument
an amazing slapstick instrument
an amazing slapstick
amazing slapstick
amazing
slapstick
It gets the details of its time frame right
time frame right
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality
mystical
tenderness
expedience
It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho ,
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho
less psycho
When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
, Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
gives her best
her best
to make a big splash .
to make a big splash
make a big splash
a big splash
big splash
splash
an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s
an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low
homage
B-movie thrillers
, the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp
silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp
but not sophomoric -RRB-
not sophomoric
feels like very light Errol Morris
very light
bigger
Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .
is masterful .
is masterful
speeds up
He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
the few ` cool ' actors
cool
never seems aware of his own coolness
seems aware of his own coolness
aware of his own coolness
coolness
of playing with narrative form
In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
the director 's
, the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
the film is not only a love song to the movies but
the film is not only a love song to the movies
is not only a love song to the movies
a love song to the movies
love song
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
is more fully
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
lush , all-enveloping movie experience
lush
, all-enveloping movie experience
all-enveloping movie experience
Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
rare
capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
soothe and break
Eerily accurate depiction of depression
Eerily accurate depiction
Eerily accurate
accurate
a feature-length film
feature-length
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
An uncluttered , resonant gem
uncluttered , resonant gem
uncluttered
, resonant gem
resonant gem
gem
that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
without lectures or confrontations
It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
perfectly entertaining summer diversion
perfectly entertaining
perfectly
any creature-feature fan
fan
you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures
of exotic creatures
exotic creatures
You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
this rather convoluted journey worth taking
worth taking
Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
, Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
Steven Shainberg 's adaptation
... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
brilliantly played
brilliantly
Ki-Deok
emotionally at least -RRB-
to keep it interested
keep it interested
than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe
Hollywood kids
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog
A well-made
well-made
hero
gives his heart
his heart
dog
Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie
who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie
Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but
Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting ,
Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting
will find the new scenes interesting
find the new scenes interesting
the new scenes interesting
will find the movie
improved .
improved
Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
gets the tone just right --
gets the tone just right
just right
funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
in the middle of hopeful
of hopeful
amiable but
amiable
string
It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects
a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects
a sharp movie
sharp movie
sharp
visual flair
poetic
Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie
Charming and
Charming
the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
this Wild film
Wild film
blown up to the size of a house
This is a children 's film in the truest sense .
is a children 's film in the truest sense .
is a children 's film in the truest sense
a children 's film in the truest sense
children
in the truest sense
truest sense
Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
Beautifully
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
crafted ,
crafted
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
upscale
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
quality
a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
nostalgic , twisty yarn
nostalgic
, twisty yarn
that will keep them guessing
keep them guessing
The punch lines
Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
Smoke Signals
, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
strong themes of familial ties and
strong themes of familial ties
strong themes
familial
spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
powerful and moving
powerful and
moving
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
Evokes
the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
style and flash
style and
of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
fall 's
so much fun
The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
be funny , uplifting and moving ,
be funny , uplifting and moving
funny , uplifting and moving
, uplifting and moving
uplifting and moving
uplifting and
uplifting
more X
a great deal
great deal
Uneven but a lot of fun .
Uneven but a lot of fun
of fun
it 's insanely violent and very graphic
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and
real stars
real
Reign
you wo n't be disappointed
wo n't be disappointed
plays as dramatic
dramatic
Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state
its intended audience -- children --
without placing their parents in a coma-like state
placing their parents
generates plot points
achieved
the film never veers from its comic course
never veers from its comic course
from its comic course
its comic course
evoke memories and emotions which are anything
humorous
TV
convinced
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ...
get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
impression
that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
humor
This is a superior horror flick .
is a superior horror flick .
is a superior horror flick
a superior horror flick
superior horror flick
superior
pomposity and
fit well together
well together
is well told
is well
liking
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ...
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures
More sophisticated and
sophisticated
literate
an amusing little catch
little catch
Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
smartly
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
emphasizes the well-wrought story and
emphasizes the well-wrought story
the well-wrought story
well-wrought story
well-wrought
It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
a fairy tale
comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
a renowned Indian film culture
renowned
that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
Americans to finally revel in its splendor
Americans
to finally revel in its splendor
finally revel in its splendor
revel in its splendor
in its splendor
its splendor
splendor
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights
Well-done supernatural thriller
Well-done
supernatural thriller
keen insights
keen
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
parapsychological
the soulful nuances
soulful nuances
soulful
nuances
the latest eccentric
latest eccentric
on world domination and destruction
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
staring
Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .
brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .
brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB-
brings the proper conviction
the proper conviction
Parents beware ;
is downright movie penance
When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
When it 's this rich and luscious
it 's this rich and luscious
's this rich and luscious
this rich and luscious
rich and luscious
rich and
rich
luscious
cares
nice
trusted audiences
a complex story
complex story
complex
visible enthusiasm
enthusiasm
mighty
An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
An earnest , roughshod document
document
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history ,
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history
as a workable primer for the region 's recent history
a workable primer
make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
terrific 10th-grade learning tool
terrific
a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB-
career
A film that plays things so nice
that plays things so nice
things so nice
safe
His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories
transcends
any insight
good things happen to bad people
good things
so much more
Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
Though the film is well-intentioned
the film is well-intentioned
well-intentioned
get the same love story and parable
get the same love story and
Jolting
the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?
has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate
the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate
that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate
has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate
Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen ,
another of his open-faced , smiling madmen
open-faced
smiling
plotting
me
humour
In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
where big stars and high production values are standard procedure
big stars and high production values are standard procedure
big stars and high production values
big stars and
high production values
, Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve
a defiantly retro chord
outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve
with daring and verve
daring and verve
A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
A rip-roaring comedy action
rip-roaring comedy action
rip-roaring
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest
put hairs on your chest
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind
a thoughtful what-if
thoughtful what-if
for the heart as well as the mind
the heart as well as
Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
most wondrously gifted artists
most wondrously
wondrously
gifted artists
gifted
storytellers
A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
of one man 's quest to be president
single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
was essentially ,
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies --
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies
the kind of ` laugh therapy '
of ` laugh therapy '
` laugh therapy '
laugh therapy '
laugh
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and
offbeat humor , amusing characters ,
offbeat humor , amusing characters
offbeat humor
amusing characters
a happy ending
happy ending
happy
At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
idealism American
idealism
, Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
Reggio 's
shines like a lonely beacon .
shines like a lonely beacon
shines
does so many of the little things right
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills --
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach
less-is-more approach
delivers real bump-in - the-night chills
real bump-in - the-night chills
the-night
his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
his greatest triumph
greatest triumph
greatest
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
have the highest production values you 've ever seen
the highest production values you 've ever seen
the highest production values
highest production values
you 've ever seen
it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
of America , history and the awkwardness of human life
America , history
is generous and deep
generous and deep
generous and
generous
Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .
Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema
Sillier , cuter , and
Sillier , cuter ,
Sillier , cuter
cuter
shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema
a very good time at the cinema
a very good time
very good time
very good
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though ,
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though
's more enjoyable than I expected , though
's more enjoyable than I expected ,
's more enjoyable than I expected
more enjoyable than I expected
more enjoyable
enjoyable
's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
the laughs
laughs
fairly basic comedic constructs
comedic
constructs
The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
reassuring manner
of a beautifully sung holiday carol
a beautifully sung holiday carol
beautifully sung holiday carol
beautifully sung
holiday carol
recognized
the man
Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
pervasive
lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
an almost constant mindset of suspense
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale ,
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and
Some of the computer animation is handsome ,
Some of the computer animation is handsome
is handsome
various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
various amusing sidekicks
amusing sidekicks
add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
add much-needed levity
add
much-needed levity
levity
Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere
with solid performances and eerie atmosphere
solid performances and eerie atmosphere
solid performances and
solid performances
A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy
A breezy blend
breezy blend
esoteric
Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
Now as a former Gong Show addict
, I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
get more re-creations of all those famous moments
more re-creations of all those famous moments
of all those famous moments
all those famous moments
those famous moments
famous moments
Genuinely unnerving .
The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
The increasingly diverse French director
increasingly diverse French director
diverse
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
simply feeling like no other film in recent history
feeling like no other film in recent history
like no other film in recent history
One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
joyous
films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
leaps over national boundaries
celebrates universal human nature
celebrates
human nature
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
A difficult but worthy film
difficult but worthy film
difficult but worthy
worthy
in the present
Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
Witty and often surprising
Witty and
Witty
often surprising
, a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
dark little morality tale
little morality tale
morality tale
a romantic comedy
One senses
In fact , even better .
In fact , even better
fact , even better
fact ,
even better
stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet
touch
Woo
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with --
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with
that some movie formulas do n't need messing with
An uplifting , largely bogus story
An uplifting ,
An uplifting
Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
confident filmmaking and
confident filmmaking
confident
a pair of fascinating performances
of fascinating performances
, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
is a really special walk in the woods .
is a really special walk in the woods
a really special walk in the woods
a really special walk
really special walk
special walk
special
Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
Superbly
photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces
with a series of riveting set pieces
a series of riveting set pieces
of riveting set pieces
riveting set pieces
the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
likes
of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
mainstream audiences have rarely seen
have rarely seen
A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last
A mesmerizing cinematic poem
mesmerizing cinematic poem
mesmerizing
cinematic poem
After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing
10
which is worth seeing
is worth seeing
the franchise 's best years
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull ,
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull
Chris
is good-natured and never dull
good-natured and never dull
good-natured and
good-natured
never dull
of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
contemplation
professional
dedication
than romantic
a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
convincing case
convincing
A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book
mildly enjoyable if
mildly enjoyable
much better
you 'd swear you
's brilliant ` Videodrome
's brilliant `
's brilliant
as sharp as the original
sharp as the original
as the original
some visual virtues
visual virtues
A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
A smart ,
A smart
Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
roiling black-and-white inspires
black-and-white inspires
inspires
trembling and gratitude
gratitude
Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
Robinson 's web of suspense
matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
matches the page-turning frenzy
page-turning
A slight but sweet film .
A slight but sweet film
slight but sweet
Got
Earnest and tentative
aims to shock
Favor
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
given audiences
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
right stuff
for silly summer entertainment
silly summer entertainment
summer entertainment
entertainment
has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
sustain interest to the end
sustain interest
emphasis
want to look it up
While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity
, this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
, occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
occasionally horrifying but often inspiring
often inspiring
inspiring
is among Wiseman 's warmest .
is among Wiseman 's warmest
Wiseman 's warmest
warmest
There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
asks the right questions
right questions
the right time in the history of our country
generate enough heat
a comedy to start a reaction
comedy to start a reaction
reaction
, Ivan is a prince of a fellow
Ivan is a prince of a fellow
a prince of a fellow
not mean-spirited
responsible
for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
putting together any movies of particular value or merit
of particular value or merit
value or merit
Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
, About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings
injects just enough freshness
enough freshness
freshness
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
an enjoyable 100 minutes
enjoyable 100 minutes
enjoyable 100
Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game
Beating the Austin Powers films
Austin Powers films
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
on the strength of their own cleverness
the strength of their own cleverness
strength
their own cleverness
cleverness
opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
their outrageousness
What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
conventional thriller
evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
evolves
into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
gorgeously atmospheric meditation
gorgeously
life-changing chance encounters
life-changing
popcorn
as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
a thriller
college
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor
well-intentioned effort
offbeat sensibilities
for the earnest emotional core
the earnest emotional core
earnest emotional core
Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
its position
, the director 's experiment is a successful one .
the director 's experiment is a successful one .
the director 's experiment
is a successful one .
is a successful one
a successful one
successful one
successful
Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
so intimate and sensual and funny and
so intimate and sensual and funny
so intimate and
so intimate
sensual and funny
sensual and
sensual
psychologically
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
a biting satire
soul-searching
A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket
A solid , spooky entertainment
solid , spooky entertainment
solid , spooky
worthy of the price of a ticket
the price
clarity
breaking codes
mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
action movies
alacrity
Except it 's much , much better .
Except it 's much
, much better .
It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling ,
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling
a happy , heady jumble
happy , heady jumble
an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
an insane comic undertaking
insane comic undertaking
insane comic
that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
a sane and breathtakingly creative film
sane and breathtakingly creative film
sane and breathtakingly
breathtakingly
creative film
creative
seat
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy
created a substantive movie out
created a substantive movie
a substantive movie
substantive movie
substantive
teenage sex comedy
So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama
Sea 's
, it ai n't half-bad .
it ai n't half-bad .
ai n't half-bad .
ai n't half-bad
A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
passionate
See it .
A guilty pleasure
want to laugh at it
a better celebration
better celebration
celebration
relative
But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
he provides a strong itch to explore more .
provides a strong itch to explore more .
provides a strong itch to explore more
strong itch to explore more
itch to explore more
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ...
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot
featured in Drumline
are red hot
red hot
hot
Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
rare directors
who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
is the heart and soul of cinema
the heart and soul of cinema
The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
without sham the raw-nerved story
raw-nerved story
is a monumental achievement
a monumental achievement
monumental achievement
monumental
is in the right place
in the right place
the right place
right place
highly-praised
Rock 's stand-up magic
stand-up magic
a surgeon mends a broken heart
a surgeon mends
surgeon mends
progressed as nicely as ` Wayne
nicely
as ` Wayne
With wit and empathy to spare
wit and empathy to spare
wit and empathy
empathy
acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but
indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
striving
thrillers actually thrilled
actually thrilled
thrilled
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos
otherwise good-naturedness
good-naturedness
sheer goofiness and cameos
goofiness
certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
certainly
raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before
the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before
the film above anything Sandler
above anything Sandler
anything Sandler
Sandler
it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
some kind of goofy grandeur
watchable
Though uniformly well acted
uniformly well acted
uniformly well
writer\/director Achero Manas 's film
Hard Copy
should come a-knocking
a-knocking
on foreign shores
true light
true
Heaven
It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
like Holly
, The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
connect in a neat way
in a neat way
a neat way
neat
introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
introduces
characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
illuminate
mysteries of sex , duty and love
sex , duty and love
duty and love
Purports
Hollywood satire
deeper and more engaging .
deeper and more engaging
Too clever by about nine-tenths .
clever by about nine-tenths
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis ,
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
The script 's snazzy dialogue
snazzy dialogue
snazzy
establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
a realistic atmosphere
realistic atmosphere
ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off
ensures
our emotional investment
emotional investment
pays off
as good as the original
good as the original
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary
should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
should give `` Scratch '' a second look
give `` Scratch '' a second look
Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable
offers some flashy twists and
offers some flashy twists
some flashy twists
flashy twists
flashy
turns that
Resident Evil
Resident
all the comic possibilities of its situation
the comic possibilities
comic possibilities
possibilities
dates
With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny
the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny
a wonderful tale of love and destiny
a wonderful tale
wonderful tale
of love and destiny
love and
, told well by a master storyteller
told well by a master storyteller
told well by a master
told well
by a master
a master
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
it goes further than both
goes further
a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo
a tasty performance
tasty performance
tasty
lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
cannibal lust above the ordinary
lust
above the ordinary
A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
A terrific date movie
terrific date movie
, whatever your orientation .
laughter
the funniest idea
funniest idea
funniest
do you
a movie with depth
with depth
`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
offers chills much like those
offers chills
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
telling
creepy stories
Less front-loaded
more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
An ambitious movie
ambitious movie
ambitious
that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
, like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
Shiner
pulls off enough
to make up for the ones that do n't come off
for the ones that do n't come off
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws ,
Heaven is one such beast
Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience
with brutal honesty and respect for its audience
brutal honesty and respect
honesty and respect
honesty and
honesty
respect
Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
, E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and
the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies --
the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies
most wondrous
wondrous
of all Hollywood fantasies
fantasies
offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
come even easier .
Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '
combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream .
combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream
combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento '
enigmatic features
drug culture
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices ,
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
see the movie
the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible
is the sense that peace is possible
that peace is possible
peace is possible
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
Just a bunch of good actors
of good actors
good actors
terribly funny
a bunch of talented thesps
talented thesps
talented
real laughs
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent
are both excellent
excellent
the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
is uniformly superb
uniformly superb
superb
when are bears bears and
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel ,
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
'' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
an interesting meditation
interesting meditation
on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
ethereal
otherworldly
it could channel
could channel
Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
most multilayered and sympathetic female characters
most multilayered and sympathetic
multilayered and sympathetic
multilayered
The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .
The beauty
beauty
Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but
The town has kind of an authentic feel ,
The town has kind of an authentic feel
town
has kind of an authentic feel
kind of an authentic feel
of an authentic feel
an authentic feel
authentic feel
authentic
each one of these people stand out and
each one of these people stand out
stand out
everybody else is in the background
Davis
go hand in hand with talent
go hand in hand
hand in hand
with talent
talent
Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
Much credit
Don
of Guy Ritchie
As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
feel-good
follow-your-dream
got to me
Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
's nothing wrong with that
if the film is well-crafted and this one is
the film is well-crafted and this one is
the film is well-crafted and
the film is well-crafted
is well-crafted
well-crafted
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine ,
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece ,
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece
misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece
the line between sappy and sanguine
tear-drenched
would be very sweet indeed
be very sweet indeed
be very sweet
very sweet
Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
able
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
create
an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
an engaging story
engaging story
that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
keeps you guessing at almost every turn
guessing at almost every turn
plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness
the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness
the cartoon 's more obvious strength
cartoon 's
writing strength
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal ,
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
, I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
recommend SECRETARY ,
recommend SECRETARY
based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
wonderful acting clinic
also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
the unique way Shainberg
unique way Shainberg
unique
goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
at heart is a sweet little girl
a sweet little girl
slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing
slick production values and
slick production values
slick
`` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
a good-hearted ensemble comedy
good-hearted ensemble comedy
good-hearted
with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
of quirky characters and an engaging story
quirky characters and an engaging story
An ambitious , serious film
ambitious , serious film
Consistently clever and suspenseful .
Consistently clever and suspenseful
clever and suspenseful
clever and
suspenseful
Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
the fat
Hilarious musical comedy
Hilarious
like The Guys
can be considered work
through this film
deserves , at the very least ,
Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression
a minor miracle of self-expression
a minor miracle
minor miracle
miracle
But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast ,
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast
elicits strong performances from his cast
elicits strong performances
strong performances
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie ,
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie
delivers a powerful commentary
a powerful commentary
powerful commentary
See it for his performance if nothing else .
See it for his performance if nothing else
The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family
gripping
family
I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
hoped I would -- with moist eyes
would -- with moist eyes
It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
as possibly the best actor working in movies today
possibly the best actor working in movies today
possibly the best actor
the best actor
best actor
may well
laughing
humanly possible
humanly
are sweet and believable , and
are sweet and believable ,
are sweet and believable
sweet and believable
believable
Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
Any enjoyment
enjoyment
personal
of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
sad but endearing characters
sad but endearing
endearing
it does cathartic truth telling
does cathartic truth telling
truth
Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
some special qualities and
some special qualities
special qualities
qualities
the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
the soulful gravity
soulful gravity
of Crudup 's anchoring performance
Crudup 's anchoring performance
anchoring performance
anchoring
This beautifully animated epic is never dull .
This beautifully animated epic
beautifully animated epic
animated epic
is never dull
Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
Charming and witty
a stab at soccer hooliganism ,
Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout
climactic
, his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
is mostly admirable .
is mostly admirable
mostly admirable
admirable
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom --
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza ,
action extravaganza
extravaganza
with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
a decent sense of humor and plenty
decent sense
of humor and plenty
humor and plenty
humor and
of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that
away a believer again and quite cheered at just that
again and quite cheered at just that
cheered at just that
cheered
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and
is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
less as a documentary and more as a found relic
Witch Project real-time roots
It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
most remarkable
remarkable
not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
because of its epic scope
of its epic scope
its epic scope
epic scope
, but because of the startling intimacy
but because of the startling intimacy
of the startling intimacy
the startling intimacy
indulgent
the good ,
essential
gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt
compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt
compelling , damaged characters
we want to help -- or hurt
Good-looking but
Good-looking
Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
Evokes a palpable sense
palpable
poignant
The concept is a hoot .
is a hoot
a hoot
A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they
A straight-shooting family film
straight-shooting family film
which awards animals the respect they
awards animals the respect they
the respect they
The directive to protect the code at all costs also
the importance of the man and the code merge
the man and
What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again
Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again
accomplished
may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
qualify as revolutionary
revolutionary
innocent
to get anywhere near the story 's center
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture
the feel of a fanciful motion picture
of a fanciful motion picture
a fanciful motion picture
fanciful motion picture
fanciful
have saved this film a world of hurt
saved this film
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting ,
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting
, some of it is honestly affecting
some of it is honestly affecting
is honestly affecting
is honestly
is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements
a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements
stylistic
Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
bring on the Battle Bots , please
bring
the Battle Bots
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but
Home Alabama
to win any Academy Awards
win any Academy Awards
win
this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts
date-night diversion
will definitely win some hearts
definitely
hearts
titular
The young stars are too cute ;
are too cute
cute
convenient
Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .
Lagaan
is quintessential Bollywood .
is quintessential Bollywood
quintessential Bollywood
characteristically engorged
A wry , affectionate delight .
A wry , affectionate delight
affectionate delight
delight
Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
Credit director Ramsay
for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
feel realistic .
feel realistic
The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
blithe exchanges
gives the film its lingering tug
Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .
better after Foster
Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity
its lavish formalism
lavish formalism
lavish
, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
the edge
edge
of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue
brushes
After Next
lively
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked --
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked
Brings awareness to an issue
Brings awareness
that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
The Shining , The Thing ,
Shining
Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
Definitely funny stuff ,
Definitely funny stuff
funny stuff
more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
laughing at ' variety
the ` laughing
` laughing
A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
A heartening tale of small victories and enduring
A heartening tale of small victories and
A heartening tale of small victories
A heartening tale
heartening tale
heartening
enduring
hope
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece
emotionally strong and politically potent piece
emotionally strong and politically potent
emotionally strong and
emotionally strong
politically potent
I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
ferocity and thoughtfulness
ferocity and
thoughtfulness
Intelligent and moving .
Intelligent and moving
Intelligent and
Intelligent
look classy in a '60s -
classy
in a '60s
hat
but as
The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
will linger long after this film has ended .
will linger long after this film has ended
linger long after this film has ended
long after this film has ended
have stayed there
more than four
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
for laughs and not the last time
laughs and not the last time
to provoke them
contemporary
the only reason
plenty of nudity
There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
a strong directorial stamp
strong directorial stamp
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
this stylish film
stylish film
stylish
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
is able to visualize schizophrenia
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
confident enough
Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
Romantic , riveting and handsomely
, riveting and handsomely
riveting and handsomely
riveting and
handsomely
absolutely
Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics
Captures the raw comic energy of one
the raw comic energy
raw comic energy
comic energy
energy
of our most flamboyant female comics
our most flamboyant female comics
most flamboyant female comics
flamboyant female comics
A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
A subtle , poignant picture
subtle , poignant picture
subtle
, poignant picture
poignant picture
of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
goodness
compromised and
An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
An exceptionally
exceptionally
acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
acted , quietly affecting cop drama
quietly affecting cop drama
deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
motivated
than franchise possibilities
franchise possibilities
Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair
comedy and
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
comes far closer than many movies
far closer than many movies
closer than many movies
She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
glows
with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
enthusiasm ,
sensuality and a conniving wit
sensuality
conniving wit
Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
Despite modest aspirations
its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
its occasional charms
occasional charms
charms
are not to be dismissed .
are not to be dismissed
not to be dismissed
Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre
funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre
, twisted , brilliant and macabre
twisted , brilliant and macabre
, brilliant and macabre
brilliant and macabre
brilliant and
A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount
A rock-solid gangster movie
rock-solid gangster movie
rock-solid
fair amount
of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies ,
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies
suspense , intriguing characters and
suspense , intriguing characters
suspense ,
intriguing characters
plus
It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
degrading and strangely liberating
strangely liberating
liberating
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue
at leading lives of sexy intrigue
of sexy intrigue
sexy intrigue
enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
look good
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
the essence of magic
of magic
is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
promise
that soars above the material realm
soars above the material realm
soars
material realm
of a truly magical movie
a truly magical movie
truly magical movie
truly magical
truly
magical
its storytelling prowess and special effects
its storytelling prowess and
its storytelling prowess
storytelling prowess
I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
how good
it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled ,
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,
feeling a part of its grand locations
a part of its grand locations
of its grand locations
its grand locations
grand locations
grand
protagonists
of its inventiveness
its inventiveness
inventiveness
gasping at its visual delights
at its visual delights
its visual delights
visual delights
delights
helmer
of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
what is really an amusing concept
is really an amusing concept
an amusing concept
amusing concept
that transforms its wearer into a superman
transforms its wearer into a superman
transforms its wearer
escape
Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation
its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation
its heart ,
its heart
as simple self-reflection meditation
a lovely trifle
lovely trifle
lovely
with its own cuteness
its own cuteness
own cuteness
cuteness
So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it
purely enjoyable
fairly straightforward
straightforward
Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride
An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the
An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
, multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
multi-layered and profoundly
multi-layered
profoundly
humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
gently political
the values of knowledge , education , and the
knowledge , education , and
affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
cultural
'm not
ensemble cast
Nebrida
by Laurice Guillen
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
, peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
peculiar and always entertaining
always entertaining
Spain
true events
somehow makes it all the more compelling .
makes it all the more compelling .
makes it all the more compelling
it all the more compelling
all the more compelling
more compelling
The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
proves itself a more streamlined
more streamlined
thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
thought out
encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
the original could ever have hoped to be
could ever have hoped to be
the visual wit of the previous pictures
the visual wit
It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
laugh-a-minute
crowd pleaser
pleaser
that lifts your spirits
lifts your spirits
Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event
an engrossing story
engrossing story
engrossing
historical event
-RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
matured quite a bit with Spider-Man ,
matured quite a bit
resonance
with real world events
though occasionally fun enough to make you
occasionally fun enough
occasionally fun
In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
spout hilarious dialogue
hilarious dialogue
following your dream
your dream
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
A modestly surprising movie .
A modestly surprising movie
modestly surprising movie
modestly surprising
modestly
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year
a powerful sequel and one
a powerful sequel and
a powerful sequel
powerful sequel
of the best films of the year
the best films of the year
the best films
best films
Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
subtly kinky bedside vigils and
sensational denouements
, and yet at the end
we are undeniably touched .
are undeniably touched .
are undeniably touched
undeniably touched
touched
This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works ,
one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
subtlest works
most uncanny
uncanny
is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
escapist film
crime movie equivalent
Steven Seagal
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
a freedom
freedom
this fast-paced
fast-paced
Dignified CEO
Dignified
against a tree
a tree
valuable messages
valuable
make the most of its own ironic implications
What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies
sets this romantic comedy apart
this romantic comedy
The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
its unhurried narrative
unhurried narrative
are masterfully controlled .
are masterfully controlled
masterfully controlled
masterfully
the Pug big time
big time
Do n't Ask
laughed a hell of a lot
laughed
aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
present an unflinching look
an unflinching look
unflinching look
keep the story compelling
the story compelling
A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
small gem
of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
defies classification
is as thought-provoking as it
is as thought-provoking
as thought-provoking
thought-provoking
is funny , scary and sad .
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems ,
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments
in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments
in the middle , the film compels ,
the middle , the film compels ,
the middle , the film compels
the film compels
film compels
compels
he harvests a few movie moment gems
harvests a few movie moment gems
a few movie moment gems
movie moment gems
moment gems
dominates
the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon
is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon
better-focused
novel
, tortured
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ,
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
The color sense of Stuart Little 2
is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
most immediate and most obvious pleasure
it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone
as beautifully shaped and
as beautifully shaped
beautifully shaped
as delicately calibrated in tone
delicately calibrated in tone
subconscious
Kafka
In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
Treasure
rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage
the top Japanese animations of recent vintage
the top Japanese animations
top Japanese animations
Leon
The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
The Wild Thornberrys Movie
Thornberrys Movie
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate
general family chaos to which anyone can relate
to which anyone can relate
anyone can relate
can relate
Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ,
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
luminous interviews
luminous
amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
amazingly evocative film
amazingly evocative
amazingly
evocative
mysterious
sign
Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about
appeal to Asian cult cinema fans
appeal
cinema fans
to see what all the fuss is about
every single scene
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up ,
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up
the euphoria of growing up
the euphoria
euphoria
Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
the Shadows of Motown
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
the best kind
best kind
of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ,
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
a very ambitious project
very ambitious project
very ambitious
good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it
good actors , good poetry and good music
good actors , good poetry and
good actors , good poetry
good actors ,
good poetry
good music
help sustain it
A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
style , structure and rhythms
, structure and rhythms
structure and
so integrated with the story
It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
's mostly a pleasure to watch .
's mostly a pleasure to watch
a pleasure to watch
pleasure to watch
Hopkins
dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
a fine character study
fine character study
fine
that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
rich in the tiny revelations of real life
the tiny revelations of real life
Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
, nutty , consistently funny .
nutty , consistently funny .
, consistently funny .
consistently funny .
consistently funny
Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
successfully
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
maintains suspense on different levels
suspense on different levels
on different levels
throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
a film that is both gripping and compelling
that is both gripping and compelling
is both gripping and compelling
both gripping and compelling
gripping and compelling
gripping and
Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .
Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst
giant William Randolph Hearst
Randolph
Skillful as he is
Skillful
good cinema
some fun in this jumbled mess
some fun
wonder
Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
because of the universal themes , earnest performances
of the universal themes , earnest performances
the universal themes , earnest performances
the universal themes ,
earnest performances
... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
excellent use of music
excellent use
India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
popular
A perceptive , good-natured movie .
A perceptive , good-natured movie
perceptive , good-natured movie
perceptive , good-natured
perceptive
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair
a stand up and cheer flick
cheer flick
it 's a sit down and ponder affair
's a sit down and ponder affair
One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
pleasures
the parade
veteran
painters
mysterious personality
personality
prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
movie-star intensity
The real charm
real charm
deadpan comic face
comic face
its star
Sly Stallone
And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
older and wiser eyes ,
wiser
symbolic characters
symbolic
By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
means a great movie
a great movie
great movie
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one
it is a refreshingly forthright one
is a refreshingly forthright one
a refreshingly forthright one
refreshingly forthright one
refreshingly forthright
Show me the mugging
Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
a Japan bustling
Japan bustling
It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages
a rollicking adventure for you and
a rollicking adventure for you
a rollicking adventure
rollicking adventure
rollicking
adventure
all your mateys ,
The next big thing 's
thing 's
If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .
're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
content
with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
a clever pseudo-bio
clever pseudo-bio
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
have a good time
pieces of the famous director 's life
, Eisenstein delivers .
Eisenstein delivers .
delivers .
worshipful
A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects
A visual spectacle
spectacle
full of stunning images and effects
of stunning images and effects
stunning images and effects
stunning
There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
so meditative and lyrical
meditative and lyrical
meditative and
meditative
about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ...
Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot
quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot
Ballot
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
a charming and evoking little ditty
charming and evoking little ditty
charming and evoking
that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
the gentle and humane side
gentle and humane side
gentle and humane
gentle and
gentle
of Middle Eastern world politics
Middle Eastern world politics
It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift
's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
the odds and the human spirit triumphs
the human spirit triumphs
spirit triumphs
spirit
triumphs
Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift
earn their uplift
uplift
The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
enjoyed most of Mostly Martha
enjoyed
wanted so badly for the protagonist
its creator 's comic voice
comic voice
The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
The early and middle passages
are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
surprising in how much they engage and even touch us
in how much they engage and even touch us
how much they engage and even touch us
they engage and even touch us
engage and even touch us
engage
even touch us
A really funny fifteen-minute
really funny fifteen-minute
really funny
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale
Iosseliani
pleasant tale
pleasant
in Venice
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
need a playful respite
a playful respite
playful respite
playful
the grind to refresh our souls
to refresh our souls
refresh our souls
refresh
purpose
the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
the charismatic Jackie Chan to
the charismatic Jackie Chan
charismatic Jackie Chan
charismatic
Haynes ' style apes films from the period
is not rooted in that decade
I do .
A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .
A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic
A compelling allegory
compelling allegory
Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
gentle , endearing
, endearing
is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives
an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives
an indelible epic American story
indelible epic American story
epic American story
facing change in both their inner and outer lives
It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat
action-packed an experience
action-packed
ringside seat
... -LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
-LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
-LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
-LRB- the film -RRB- works
the film -RRB- works
mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
tongue-in-cheek
You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions
stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
the light , comic side of the issue
the light , comic side
dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life
and , potentially , of life
served
impacts
the survivors
The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
The immersive powers
immersive powers
immersive
of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
hyper-realistic images
hyper-realistic
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
great to begin with
begin with
Its initial excitement
excitement
warmed over pastiche
Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ...
a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss
a canny crowd pleaser , and
a canny crowd pleaser ,
a canny crowd pleaser
canny crowd pleaser
The Last Kiss
provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
more than enough sentimental catharsis
enough sentimental
sentimental
for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
a satisfying evening at the multiplex
a satisfying evening
satisfying evening
It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
, this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
this nervy oddity , like modern art
modern art
Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
viewed and treasured
treasured
for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
its extraordinary intelligence and originality
extraordinary intelligence and originality
extraordinary
intelligence and originality
intelligence and
intelligence
originality
its lyrical variations on the game of love
An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
An hour and a half of joyful solo performance
of joyful solo performance
joyful solo performance
joyful
solo
Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
, this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ;
Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection
Better than the tepid Star Trek :
Better than the tepid Star Trek
half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
-LRB- headbanger -RRB-
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
stereotypes in good fun ,
stereotypes in good fun
in good fun
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
adding
a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
of heart and unsettling subject matter
heart and unsettling subject matter
gives us a reason to care about them
to care about them
Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
, the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters
works - mostly due to its superior cast
works -
mostly due to its superior cast
to its superior cast
its superior cast
superior cast
A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
vividly
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
detailed
tender inspirational tidings
inspirational
From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
, you can feel the love .
you can feel the love .
can feel the love .
can feel the love
feel the love
the love
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
Its impressive images
impressive images
impressive
of dead bodies
Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude
Triple X
There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .
There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
a string of ensemble cast romances recently
ensemble cast romances recently
Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
full circle
to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB-
positive
This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential
This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but
This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB-
popcorn movie fun
movie fun
equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek
a serious debt to The Road Warrior
to The Road Warrior
The Road Warrior
potential
As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
an actress
, Madonna is one helluva singer .
Madonna is one helluva singer .
is one helluva singer .
is one helluva singer
one helluva singer
helluva singer
a con artist and
The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance
The filmmakers ' eye for detail and
The filmmakers ' eye for detail
detail
the high standards of performance
the high standards
high standards
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment
It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty
wraps up
a classic mother\/daughter struggle
classic mother\/daughter struggle
classic
shiny new bow
while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty
the audience can tell it 's not all new
all new
at least it looks pretty
it looks pretty
looks pretty
Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers
may pander to our basest desires for payback
pander to our basest desires
to our basest desires
unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers
, it ultimately delivers
it ultimately delivers
ultimately delivers
claim to express warmth and longing
express warmth and longing
warmth and longing
warmth and
warmth
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw
vivid
, thoughtful , unapologetically raw
thoughtful , unapologetically raw
full of sex , drugs and rock
A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
bittersweet contemporary comedy
bittersweet
benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
is still very much worth seeing
is still very much worth
very much worth
much worth
an actual story
They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
a dime
oddly humorous to tediously sentimental
oddly humorous
regard
Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
is an object lesson in period filmmaking
an object lesson in period filmmaking
object lesson
All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
are simply dazzling ,
are simply dazzling
dazzling
particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
given a part worthy of her considerable talents
worthy of her considerable talents
of her considerable talents
her considerable talents
considerable talents
talents
The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw ,
The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw
The beautiful , unusual music
beautiful , unusual music
unusual music
is this film 's chief draw
this film 's chief draw
its dreaminess
dreaminess
You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ,
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
be captivated ,
be captivated
captivated
as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
was , by its moods , and by its subtly
transformed star
wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
the most sincere and artful movie
most sincere and artful movie
most sincere and artful
sincere and artful
artful
Adam Sandler
heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this
heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis
agreed
has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
Ver Wiel 's
So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
So vivid a portrait of a woman
So vivid a portrait
So vivid
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
consumed by lust and love
lust and love
it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
the intoxicating fumes and
the intoxicating fumes
emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
of a freshly painted Rembrandt
a freshly painted Rembrandt
freshly painted Rembrandt
freshly
less mature
mature
anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
Wedding
for insights
dynamic
too easily
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
support the premise other than fling gags at it
fling
Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
Brings to a spectacular completion one
to a spectacular completion one
a spectacular completion one
spectacular completion one
spectacular
of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks
most complex , generous and subversive artworks
, generous and subversive artworks
generous and subversive artworks
generous and subversive
With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
an obvious rapport with her actors and
an obvious rapport with her actors
with her actors
a striking style behind the camera
a striking style
striking style
striking
Angel
is definitely a director to watch .
is definitely a director to watch
a director to watch
director to watch
Big Bad Love
Bad Love
A sleek advert for youthful anomie
A sleek advert
the sum
Men
told us
poetically
care about the truth
all the way
tactfully
The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
The Hours , a delicately crafted film ,
The Hours , a delicately crafted film
a delicately crafted film
delicately crafted film
crafted film
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
an impressive achievement
impressive achievement
of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
a river of sadness that pours into every frame
that pours into every frame
Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
of beautiful movement and inside information
beautiful movement and inside information
inside information
Showtime 's starry cast
an asset and
an asset
asset
a detriment
-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .
-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and
-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view ,
makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
valiant
effort to understand everyone 's point of view
understand everyone 's point of view
everyone 's
he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
does such a good job of it
such a good job of it
such a good job
a good job
good job
Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
gets you riled up
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
Light the candles , bring out the cake and
Light the candles , bring out the cake
bring out the cake
's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
simply , and surprisingly ,
a nice , light treat
nice , light treat
, light treat
light treat
treat
In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
, Washington has a sure hand .
Washington has a sure hand .
has a sure hand .
has a sure hand
a sure hand
sure hand
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
most purely enjoyable and satisfying
most purely enjoyable and
most purely enjoyable
Chabrol 's best
even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer
even his lesser works outshine the best some directors
his lesser works outshine the best some directors
outshine the best some directors
outshine
best some directors
The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
The heart of the film
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
a touching reflection
touching reflection
touching
It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
a glorious spectacle
glorious spectacle
glorious
like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation
The year 's greatest adventure , and
The year 's greatest adventure ,
The year 's greatest adventure
greatest adventure
Jackson 's
limited but enthusiastic
enthusiastic
has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
made literature literal without killing its soul
literal
its soul
a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
a feat
any thinking person is bound to appreciate
is bound to appreciate
bound
leaves you cool
, it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
leaves you intriguingly contemplative
intriguingly contemplative
contemplative
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces
she loves them to pieces
loves them to pieces
loves them
loves
so , I trust
It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
It takes you somewhere
takes you somewhere
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB-
dancing
Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
Director Claude Chabrol
has become the master of innuendo .
has become the master of innuendo
become the master of innuendo
the master of innuendo
Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
Woven together handsomely
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to
sixties ' rockumentary milestones
behind bars
needed
A film that will probably please people
that will probably please people
will probably please people
will probably
please people
fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
fascinated
admiration
The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent
The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny
The huskies are beautiful ,
The huskies are beautiful
are beautiful
the border collie is funny
is funny
the overall feeling is genial and decent
is genial and decent
genial and decent
genial and
genial
whole lot scarier
moved
depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them
how interesting and likable
interesting and likable
interesting and
likable
Nearly every attempt at humor
A piquant meditation
reaching happiness
happiness
This movie is to be cherished .
is to be cherished .
is to be cherished
to be cherished
be cherished
cherished
The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .
The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it
Willie would have loved it
have loved it
loved it
loved
fustily tasteful
tasteful
While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
, it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
intrigue and human-scale characters
that suck the audience in
suck the audience in
learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
become comparatively sane and healthy
comparatively sane and healthy
sane and healthy
The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and
treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures
weak and strong
Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
pays earnest homage to turntablists and
pays earnest homage to turntablists
earnest homage
current innovators
innovators
, Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
great fun ,
great fun
full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
the kind of energy it 's documenting
energy it 's documenting
is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
Longley 's film
meaningful historical context
meaningful
Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
Producer John Penotti
surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
back with the astonishing revelation
astonishing
revelation
see something that did n't talk down to them
did n't talk down to them
A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant
A real winner --
A real winner
real winner
winner
smart , funny , subtle , and resonant
smart ,
funny , subtle , and resonant
subtle , and resonant
is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
a ride , basically
of greatest-hits reel
greatest-hits reel
greatest-hits
ESPN
Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
makes a great impression
a great impression
great impression
as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
this little $ 1.8 million charmer ,
this little $ 1.8 million charmer
little $ 1.8 million charmer
$ 1.8 million charmer
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
cutting-edge indie filmmaking
cutting-edge
has a huge heart
a huge heart
huge heart
patience
I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
'd watch these two together again in a New York minute
watch these two together again in a New York minute
watch these two together again
watch these two together
watch these two
Ferrara 's best film in years .
Ferrara 's best film in years
Ferrara 's best film
Ferrara 's
best film
not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another
so solidly connect with one demographic while
solidly connect with one demographic while
solidly
connect with one demographic while
demographic while
No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
had their hearts in the right place .
had their hearts in the right place
their hearts in the right place
a visually seductive
visually seductive
Poetry in motion captured on film .
Poetry in motion
captured
take us by surprise ...
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
a mostly magnificent directorial career ,
a mostly magnificent directorial career
mostly magnificent directorial career
magnificent directorial career
magnificent
Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
efficiently minimalist style
efficiently
reunion
more harmless
Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
talented enough and
charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
charismatic enough
to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
Successfully blended satire ,
Successfully blended satire
high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
into a really funny movie
a really funny movie
really funny movie
Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
of genuine insight into the urban heart
genuine insight into the urban heart
genuine insight
genuine
into the urban heart
better , but it coulda
better , but
better ,
The superior plotline
superior plotline
of the other
for kids or their parents
whole thing
A stirring road movie .
stirring road movie .
If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
going where no man has gone before
take heart
It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
insightful enough
insightful
to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
fondly
remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
endlessly challenging
an intelligent person
an admirable storyteller
admirable storyteller
Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
the best sports movie I 've ever seen
the best sports movie
best sports movie
Andrei
Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays
wants
sell it
bidder
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising ,
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising
a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising
a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor
a middle-aged romance
romance
pairing Clayburgh and Tambor
sounds promising
promising
something else altogether -- clownish and
like real life
too clever
Vaguely interesting
the land
built-in audience
those who are drying out from spring break
are still unconcerned about what they ingest
committed
The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
filming the teeming life on the reefs
filming the teeming life
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
film a must for everyone from junior scientists
film a must for everyone
film a must
a must
for everyone
complexity
dramatic snapshot
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
offers an interesting bit of speculation
an interesting bit of speculation
an interesting bit
interesting bit
faced
drew to a close
What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons
is Caddyshack
Caddyshack
Loyal
It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense
keep you wide awake and ... very tense
keep you wide awake and ...
keep you wide awake and
The movie is loaded with good intentions
is loaded with good intentions
loaded with good intentions
with good intentions
good intentions
zeal
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
squeeze the action and our emotions
the action and
our emotions
dramatic arc
the Holocaust escape story
Holocaust escape story
escape story
It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied
this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied
this charmer
has a spirit that can not be denied
a spirit that can not be denied
a spirit
Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself
Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith
into the nature of faith
of faith
Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
with the best of Herzog 's works
the best of Herzog 's works
the best
, Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
Invincible
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
's back in form ,
in form
with an astoundingly rich film
an astoundingly rich film
astoundingly rich film
astoundingly rich
astoundingly
While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and
offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
keep it from being simpleminded
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
engaging enough
There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
bring cohesion
to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and ,
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and
but something far more stylish and cerebral
far more stylish and
far more stylish
cerebral
more chillingly effective
chillingly effective
chillingly
effective
From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
a deceptively simple premise
, this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
this deeply moving French drama
deeply moving French drama
deeply moving
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
startling story
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
as a detailed personal portrait
a detailed personal portrait
detailed personal portrait
is obviously a labour of love
a labour of love
free
A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions
A stylish cast and
A stylish cast
stylish cast
some clever scripting solutions
clever scripting solutions
solutions
help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
to screen with considerable appeal intact
screen with considerable appeal
with considerable appeal
considerable appeal
Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
much about the ownership and redefinition of myth
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
a domestic unit finding their way to joy
finding their way to joy
It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
accomplishes
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions
watch your Merchant Ivory productions
Merchant Ivory productions
I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week
I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and
a nice cool glass of iced tea
a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week
A quiet , disquieting triumph .
A quiet , disquieting triumph
disquieting triumph
Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
Hugely accomplished
slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
Hitchcockian suspense
Hitchcockian
good gossip
entertainingly
delivered ,
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
the layered richness
layered richness
layered
of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
this chiaroscuro of madness and light
is astonishing .
is astonishing
Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .
Sometimes is a gem .
is a gem .
is a gem
a gem
Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
Sam Mendes
showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge
Brady
achieves the remarkable feat
the remarkable feat
remarkable feat
a topnotch foursome of actors
a topnotch foursome
topnotch foursome
topnotch
imaginable
A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
A gift
to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
anyone who loves both dance and cinema
who loves both dance and cinema
loves both dance and cinema
A small movie with a big heart .
A small movie with a big heart
with a big heart
a big heart
big heart
promisingly
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
, the trip there is a great deal of fun .
the trip there is a great deal of fun .
there is a great deal of fun .
is a great deal of fun .
is a great deal of fun
a great deal of fun
Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
British children
rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
rediscovering the power of fantasy
the power of fantasy
the power
fantasy
funny performers
The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and
super-simple animation
their super-dooper-adorability intact
super-dooper-adorability intact
super-dooper-adorability
a worthy substitute
worthy substitute
I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899
If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
the director at his most sparkling
at his most sparkling
his most sparkling
most sparkling
sparkling
some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
is still worth hearing .
is still worth hearing
is still worth
laugh-out-loud bits
laugh-out-loud
The movie is a trove of delights .
is a trove of delights .
is a trove of delights
a trove of delights
a trove
Miike
carrying more emotional baggage than Batman
more emotional
Batman
, Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
Freundlich 's World Traveler
might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
the more daring and surprising American movies
more daring and surprising American movies
more daring and surprising
daring and surprising
A well-executed spy-thriller .
well-executed spy-thriller .
well-executed
abstract characters
are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
poetry and politics ,
obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
evocative and heartfelt
evocative and
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset
her passionate , tumultuous affair
passionate , tumultuous affair
unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty ,
Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty
Sand 's masculine persona
with its love of life and beauty
its love of life and beauty
its love
life and beauty
takes form
acceptable
In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm
the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm
the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
the affable Maid
in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
most aggressive and most sincere attempt
most aggressive and most sincere
most sincere
take movies by storm
by storm
, the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
diva
shrewdly
surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players
with a company of strictly A-list players
a company of strictly A-list players
of strictly A-list players
strictly A-list players
A-list players
A-list
Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .
Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre
Gives an intriguing twist
an intriguing twist
intriguing twist
I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
my ribcage
Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope
the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope
of effecting change and inspiring hope
effecting change and inspiring hope
effecting change
effecting
inspiring hope
developed characters so much
developed characters
developed
It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer
It may be a no-brainer
at least it 's a funny no-brainer
it 's a funny no-brainer
's a funny no-brainer
a funny no-brainer
funny no-brainer
I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
I liked the movie , but
I liked the movie ,
I liked the movie
liked the movie
liked
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
one step further
-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be .
to do that is really funny
do that is really funny
that is really funny
is really funny
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
are an immensely appealing couple
an immensely appealing couple
immensely appealing couple
immensely appealing
immensely
appealing
even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out
you 'll want things to work out
An ambitious and moving but bleak film
ambitious and moving
ambitious and
If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
imagines
would look like something like this
Slight but enjoyable documentary .
but enjoyable documentary .
enjoyable documentary .
inform and educate me
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out
you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices
curious
see some interesting storytelling devices
some interesting storytelling devices
interesting storytelling devices
, you might want to check it out
you might want to check it out
might want to check it out
want to check it out
check it out
check
very attractive about this movie
attractive about this movie
attractive
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette
are good in Pauline & Paulette
good in Pauline & Paulette
van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline
van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , '
van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure ,
van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure
described as ` Belgium 's national treasure
as ` Belgium 's national treasure
Belgium 's national treasure
national treasure
is especially terrific as Pauline
especially terrific as Pauline
terrific as Pauline
Curling may be a unique sport
` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '
Yes , that 's right
that 's right
Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
take this film at face value
enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
its slightly humorous and tender story
slightly humorous and tender story
slightly humorous and tender
humorous and tender
humorous and
This Orange has some juice ,
By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
A remarkably alluring film
remarkably alluring film
remarkably alluring
remarkably
alluring
constrictive Eisenhower era
her cheery and tranquil suburban life
cheery and tranquil suburban life
cheery and tranquil
cheery and
cheery
doggie
You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
the emotional depth
emotional depth
More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
, Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
Kissing
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
injects freshness and spirit
freshness and spirit
freshness and
romantic comedy genre
comedy genre
Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
Fast and funny ,
Fast and funny
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary
suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary
suspenseful enough for older kids but not
suspenseful enough for older kids but
suspenseful enough
the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters ,
the payoff for the audience , as well as
the payoff for the audience
the payoff
Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
Not only better than its predecessor
Not only better
, it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
the most magical and most fun family fare
most magical and most fun family fare
most magical and most
most magical and
most magical
fun family fare
season
has been grossly underestimated
underestimated
a meaty plot and well-developed characters
a meaty plot and
a meaty plot
meaty plot
well-developed characters
well-developed
geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity
geared
toward maximum comfort and familiarity
maximum comfort and familiarity
comfort and familiarity
comfort
Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .
a crowd-pleaser , but then , so
a crowd-pleaser , but then ,
a crowd-pleaser , but then
a crowd-pleaser ,
a crowd-pleaser
crowd-pleaser
Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
something a little more special behind it :
something a little more special behind it
a little more special
that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
sell many records
helped change a nation
helped
change a nation
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure ,
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure
will love its fantasy and adventure
love its fantasy and adventure
fantasy and adventure
grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
grownups
should appreciate its whimsical humor
its whimsical humor
whimsical humor
whimsical
Interminably
A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
A naturally funny film , Home Movie
A naturally funny film ,
A naturally funny film
naturally funny film
naturally funny
makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie
you crave Chris Smith 's next movie
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand ,
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand
opened it up for all of us to understand
opened it up for all of us
for all of us
've told a nice little story in the process
told a nice little story in the process
a nice little story in the process
a nice little story
nice little story
bare-midriff generation
Chan has done in the United States
United States
Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
your interest until the end and
even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
with a few lingering animated thoughts
animated thoughts
From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
gushing --
gushing
squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
Warm
Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
The beautiful images and solemn words
beautiful images and solemn words
the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack
the gorgeous piano and
the gorgeous piano
gorgeous piano
piano
Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director
alive
landmark
That Good Theatre
Good Theatre
Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
Affirms
the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
involved ,
starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
starting
going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
the ranks
he brings together
palpable chemistry
workmanlike in the extreme
workmanlike
A cleverly
cleverly
crafted but
its charms and its funny moments
its charms and
its charms
its funny moments
funny moments
quite enough of them
unintentionally
inter-species
will break your heart many times over .
will break your heart many times over
in its attempts
this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
deliver a few gut-busting laughs
deliver
a few gut-busting laughs
few gut-busting laughs
gut-busting
a purpose and a strong pulse
a strong pulse
The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure
The sword fighting is well done and
The sword fighting is well done
is well done
well done
Auteuil is a goofy pleasure
is a goofy pleasure
a goofy pleasure
goofy pleasure
The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
enhances the personal touch of manual animation
the personal touch of manual animation
Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing
Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion --
Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion
take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion
to ponder the whole notion of passion
ponder the whole notion of passion
of passion
God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star
bless Crudup
taking the easy Hollywood road
Hollywood road
gorgeousness .
gorgeousness
Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
, Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
thrillingly
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave
take the viewer inside the wave
inside the wave
The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .
best part
was Daniel Day-Lewis .
Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
be fruitful
fruitful
In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
In Praise of Love
Praise
An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising
An edgy thriller
edgy thriller
that delivers a surprising
delivers a surprising
less of a trifle
Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
followed through
her defiance
The War of the Roses , '
The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece
powerful , naturally dramatic piece
powerful , naturally dramatic
, naturally dramatic
naturally dramatic
be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
is a brilliant movie .
is a brilliant movie
a brilliant movie
brilliant movie
end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that
simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that
admiring
Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
made a more sheerly beautiful film
a more sheerly beautiful film
more sheerly beautiful film
sheerly beautiful film
sheerly beautiful
than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
this unexpectedly moving meditation
unexpectedly moving meditation
unexpectedly moving
love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
, resistance and artistic transcendence
resistance and artistic transcendence
and artistic transcendence
artistic transcendence
artistic
transcendence
An erotic thriller that
An erotic thriller
erotic
very thrilling
Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr
spot-on Scottish burr
spot-on
, Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper
peels layers
layers
A solid piece
solid piece
journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
squarely fills the screen .
get on television
a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
spat out
Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .
Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades
Unfolds as one
of the most politically audacious films of recent decades
the most politically audacious films of recent decades
most politically audacious films
most politically audacious
politically audacious
Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .
Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis
Probably the best case for Christianity
the best case for Christianity
the best case
best case
Lewis
's all a rather shapeless good time
a rather shapeless good time
rather shapeless good time
a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
credible account
credible
real-life happening
is able to overcome the triviality of the story
overcome the triviality of the story
-LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
into a poem of art , music and metaphor
a poem of art , music and metaphor
metaphor
The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but
The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments
has -LRB- its -RRB- moments
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
a sweetly
affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
's endgame
disturbing examination
genuine ones
be two hours gained
Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
bring off this wild Welsh whimsy
bring off
this wild Welsh whimsy
Welsh whimsy
whimsy
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display
Lots of effort and intelligence
effort and
This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
the outstanding thrillers of recent years
the outstanding thrillers
outstanding thrillers
outstanding
intellectual and emotional pedigree
intellectual and emotional
intellectual and
for a director I admire
a director I admire
I admire
admire
The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow
The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
cell phones , guns , and
the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow
are as timely as tomorrow
as timely as tomorrow
, the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
comes into its own in the second half .
comes into its own
A captivating new film .
captivating new film .
captivating
adored The Full Monty so resoundingly
adored
resoundingly
, then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
this should keep you reasonably entertained .
should keep you reasonably entertained .
should keep you reasonably entertained
keep you reasonably entertained
you reasonably entertained
reasonably entertained
entertained
Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
warm and winning central performance
warm and winning
Sorvino
comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
comes alive
about their budding amours
budding amours
amours
cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
this natural grain
in answering them
Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy
is funny , charming and quirky
funny , charming and quirky
, charming and quirky
charming and quirky
her feature film
all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role
Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role
Denzel Washington 's fine performance
Denzel
fine performance
of pleasure or sensuality
pleasure or
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
a new , or inventive , journey
new , or inventive , journey
new , or inventive ,
, or inventive
it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
encouraging
to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience
of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
self-discovery
with such sensitivity
such sensitivity
A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional
A pointed , often tender , examination
pointed , often tender , examination
pointed , often tender ,
tender ,
pros
unconditional
love and familial
Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' .
blast
be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
Gorgeous to look at but
Gorgeous to look at
as sexy
Their contrast
Collateral
it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
earns extra points
extra points
think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
Bielinsky 's great game
great game
the mark
Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
, it succeeds .
it succeeds .
succeeds .
succeeds
's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
bursting with incident
bursting
The umpteenth summer
umpteenth
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original
faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original
faster , livelier and
faster , livelier
a good deal funnier than his original
a good deal funnier
good deal funnier
deal funnier
The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
is a very good viewing alternative for young women
a very good viewing alternative for young women
a very good viewing alternative
very good viewing alternative
To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
is a much better mother-daughter tale
a much better mother-daughter tale
much better mother-daughter tale
's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
's `
Divine
of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
has many of the things that made the first one charming .
has many of the things that made the first one charming
many of the things that made the first one charming
the things that made the first one charming
made the first one charming
the first one charming
the book 's irreverent energy ,
the book 's irreverent energy
irreverent energy
This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .
This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
the ideal casting
ideal casting
ideal
of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
the masterful British actor Ian Holm
masterful British actor Ian Holm
But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
the boobs are fantasti
boobs
are fantasti
fantasti
About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
, heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
King Lear
of the things Costner movies are known for
earn our love
This is a very funny , heartwarming film .
is a very funny , heartwarming film .
is a very funny , heartwarming film
a very funny , heartwarming film
very funny , heartwarming film
, heartwarming film
heartwarming film
heartwarming
It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
moments and an intelligent subtlety
intelligent subtlety
I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario ,
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's
amused
entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's
cleverly constructed scenario
cleverly constructed
greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
greatly
impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
the actors involved in the enterprise
the enterprise
For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
the distance
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride
a satisfyingly unsettling ride
satisfyingly unsettling ride
satisfyingly unsettling
satisfyingly
to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
the dark visions already relayed by superb
already relayed by superb
relayed by superb
by superb
Being unique
equate to being good ,
being good
how admirably
admirably
The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant
respective charms
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
enthusiastically
invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
the sense of fierce competition
fierce competition
fierce
that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
make great marching bands
great marching bands
half the fun of college football games
the fun
What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
What 's invigorating about
's invigorating about
invigorating about
An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller
entertaining , if ultimately minor ,
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film ,
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film
real star
is the score , as in the songs translate well to film
score
as in the songs translate well to film
in the songs translate well to film
the songs translate well to film
translate well to film
translate well
it 's really well directed
's really well directed
well directed
Punitively affirmational
from Oscar-winning master
Oscar-winning master
Oscar-winning
Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .
with fascinating connections
fascinating connections
to the Serbs themselves
the Serbs themselves
Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent
Frida with a visual style unique and inherent
with a visual style unique and inherent
a visual style unique and inherent
visual style
unique and inherent
unique and
to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
the process created a masterful work of art of their own
created a masterful work of art of their own
a masterful work of art of their own
a masterful work
masterful work
This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
from the characters
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve
Curves
wears its empowerment on its sleeve
wears its empowerment
its empowerment
empowerment
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
swallow thanks to remarkable performances
thanks to remarkable performances
to remarkable performances
remarkable performances
A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
A sensitive , moving ,
A sensitive , moving
brilliantly constructed work .
brilliantly constructed work
It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
another character
The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .
The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
The art direction is often exquisite , and
The art direction is often exquisite ,
The art direction is often exquisite
is often exquisite
often exquisite
exquisite
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
anthropomorphic
animal
are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
are beautifully
realized through clever makeup design ,
realized through clever makeup design
through clever makeup design
clever makeup design
The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
The creative animation work
creative animation work
animation work
look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
fully ` rendered '
Pixar 's
it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds
lighting effects and innovative backgrounds
lighting effects and
innovative backgrounds
innovative
an equally impressive degree
equally impressive degree
equally impressive
went back
of a good time
especially compelling
's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones
's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters --
's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
accomplishes its primary goal
without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
, but rather by emphasizing the characters
emphasizing
supporting
The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way
The Emperor 's Club ,
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
new texture , new relevance , new reality
new relevance ,
Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
Its compelling mix
compelling mix
trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
trial movie
unexpected fable
ensures the film never feels draggy .
ensures the film never feels draggy
the film never feels draggy
never feels draggy
A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
A solid and refined piece of moviemaking
A solid and refined piece
solid and refined piece
and refined piece
refined piece
refined
imbued with passion and attitude .
imbued with passion and attitude
with passion and attitude
passion and attitude
`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
Dragon
'' never cuts corners .
never cuts corners .
medicine
obviously has its merits
has its merits
merits
the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
, for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
, Shrek -RRB-
Shrek
It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
new ground
The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
exudes the urbane sweetness
exudes
the urbane sweetness
urbane sweetness
sweetness
Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
submerging
What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or
have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen
emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen
emerged as hilarious lunacy
as hilarious lunacy
as hilarious
at least during their '70s heyday
a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
a comedic moment
in this romantic comedy
admire it
recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
recommend it ,
recommend it
natural running time
There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
's plenty to enjoy --
's plenty to enjoy
plenty to enjoy
to enjoy
in no small part thanks to Lau
small part thanks
incredibly
of its sense of fun or energy
its sense of fun or energy
of fun or energy
fun or energy
fun or
is very original
very original
particularly funny
seemingly sincere personal reflection
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough
been worth cheering as a breakthrough
worth cheering as a breakthrough
cheering
a breakthrough
breakthrough
wit and humor
appreciative
is clever enough ,
is clever enough
clever enough
wrapping the theater
epic treatment
Dragonfly
some effective moments
effective moments
padding
given by the capable cast
the capable cast
capable cast
capable
Purdy
-LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
-LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
wonderfully loopy tale
wonderfully loopy
wonderfully
of love , longing , and voting
love , longing , and
love , longing ,
love , longing
For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
, there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
a really cool bit --
a really cool bit
really cool bit
really cool
the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
future-world
holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written ,
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written
knows everything and answers all questions ,
knows everything and answers all questions
is visually smart , cleverly written
is visually smart ,
is visually smart
visually smart
cleverly written
The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster
of a respectable summer blockbuster
a respectable summer blockbuster
respectable summer blockbuster
respectable
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
unadulterated thrills
thrills
genuine laughs
thriller and murder mystery
fits the profile too closely
fits
Alternately frustrating and rewarding .
rewarding
I highly recommend Irwin , but
I highly recommend Irwin ,
I highly recommend Irwin
highly recommend Irwin
Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed
Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
welcomes
a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
of the avant-garde fused with their humor
the avant-garde fused with their humor
fused with their humor
take pleasure
, joyous romp of a film .
joyous romp of a film .
romp of a film .
romp of a film
` true story '
inspired ''
lot funnier
`` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score
with star power , a pop-induced score
star power , a pop-induced score
star power ,
star power
that have become a Spielberg trademark
become a Spielberg trademark
a Spielberg trademark
An enigmatic film
its own good
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ,
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
fascination
comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
the power of the Huston performance ,
the power of the Huston performance
Huston performance
which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
so larger than life and
so larger than life
larger than life
tries to touch on spousal abuse
-LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
optimism
are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
a better lot
have .
Glizty
Cagney 's ` top of the world '
` top of the world '
explode
The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
The modern master of the chase sequence
The modern master
modern master
returns with a chase to end all chases
with a chase to end all chases
chase to end all chases
end all chases
gritty realism and magic realism
-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ,
t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
's certainly laudable
laudable
the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
a comedic context
as funny
as it should be
But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan
asking of us
A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple
A fascinating literary mystery story
fascinating literary mystery story
protect your community
suited
night out
casual filmgoers
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
finely crafted , finely written ,
finely crafted , finely written
finely crafted ,
finely crafted
finely
finely written
exquisitely performed
exquisitely
real reason to see it
reason to see it
no real reason
Crystal and De Niro -RRB-
some good laughs
good laughs
make this silly con job sing
for only 71 minutes
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious
delightfully
unpredictable , hilarious
, hilarious
with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
wonderful performances
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
tug at your heart in ways
utterly transcend gender
transcend
It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
del
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ,
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
The new Insomnia
is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
a surprisingly faithful remake
surprisingly faithful
faithful
it does elect to head off in its own direction
to head off in its own direction
in its own direction
its own direction
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
Its sheer dynamism is infectious .
Its sheer dynamism
sheer dynamism
dynamism
is infectious .
is infectious
infectious
local
the real deal
I imagined a movie ever could be
a movie ever could be
a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
Valley of the Dolls
entirely irony-free zone
entirely irony-free
irony-free
enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
intelligence , wit or innovation
wit or innovation
innovation
the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
attract and sustain an older crowd
engaging comedy
its accumulated enjoyment
accumulated enjoyment
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so
presume
however entertainingly presented ,
however entertainingly presented
entertainingly presented
offer audiences
loquacious
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
denuded
But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain
defiantly and delightfully against the grain
delightfully against the grain
A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
A compelling coming-of-age drama
compelling coming-of-age drama
coming-of-age drama
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and
Strange it is , but delightfully so .
Strange it is , but delightfully so
delightfully so
the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone
more contemporary
naturalistic
Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
Jagger , Stoppard and
... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
riveting and surprisingly romantic
surprisingly romantic
If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera
preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor
Tosca 's intoxicating ardor
competence
who is chasing who
chasing who
its leaden acting , dull exposition
surprises
imagination
visual charm or texture
charm or texture
charm or
dollars
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
reap more rewards
rewards
than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
spiffy bluescreen technique and
spiffy bluescreen technique
spiffy
stylish weaponry
Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
a rare treat
rare treat
that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
shows the promise of digital filmmaking
the promise of digital filmmaking
A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
A poignant and gently humorous
poignant and gently humorous
and gently humorous
gently humorous
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful
loves its characters and communicates something
its characters and communicates something
and communicates something
communicates something
rather beautiful
finds a consistent tone and lacks
finds a consistent tone and
finds a consistent tone
a consistent tone
consistent
Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and
twinkling
smile
a Dickensian hero
Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
like-themed film
other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
Oscar-sweeping
, Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
rates as an exceptional thriller .
rates as an exceptional thriller
as an exceptional thriller
an exceptional thriller
exceptional thriller
exceptional
an Alfred Hitchcock movie
Guy gets girl
thank me for this
thank
its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick
its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and
Hawaiian setting
rowdy slapstick
, the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
Reassuring , retro uplifter .
, retro uplifter .
retro uplifter .
uplifter .
uplifter
ethnic
wise
The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other --
The sheer joy and pride
sheer joy and pride
joy and pride
shines through every frame .
shines through every frame
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
a flashy editing style
flashy editing style
he respects the material without sentimentalizing it
respects the material without sentimentalizing it
respects the material
respects
sentimentalizing it
sentimentalizing
The nonstop artifice
adapts
get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
through the wall
wall
her character erects
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained ,
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
The wonderful combination
wonderful combination
of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
the sweetness
the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
the extraordinary technical accomplishments
extraordinary technical accomplishments
technical accomplishments
maintained
delivers the original magic
original magic
Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
it 's the image that really tells the tale .
's the image that really tells the tale
the image that really tells the tale
that really tells the tale
really tells the tale
Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
, she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
revitalize
what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
been remarkable about clung-to traditions
been remarkable
the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
the marvelous Verdu ,
the marvelous Verdu
marvelous Verdu
marvelous
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
a sexy slip of an earth mother
sexy slip
who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
in private
embraces life in public
embraces life
Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation
Assured , glossy
Assured
artsy and
artsy
At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III
a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III
a fairly impressive debut
fairly impressive debut
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious --
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film
The evocative imagery and
The evocative imagery
evocative imagery
gentle , lapping rhythms of this film
gentle , lapping rhythms
gentle , lapping
are infectious
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
gets under our skin and draws us in long
gets under our skin and
draws us in long
draws us in
before the plot kicks into gear
the plot kicks into gear
kicks into gear
Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
charming , funny and beautifully
, funny and beautifully
funny and
crafted import
, it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
effortless
LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
LaBute masterfully
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together
balances both Traditional or Modern stories
one never overwhelms the other
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character ,
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character
Perry 's good and
Perry 's good
's good
his is an interesting character
is an interesting character
an interesting character
interesting character
you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
creepy , scary effectiveness
effectiveness
Watchable up
of credible gender-provoking philosophy
credible gender-provoking philosophy
gender-provoking
submerged here ,
fax
one moment
The film is one of the year 's best .
is one of the year 's best .
is one of the year 's best
one of the year 's best
of the year 's best
the year 's best
A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together
A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth
A buoyant romantic comedy
buoyant romantic comedy
about friendship , love , and the truth
friendship , love , and the truth
friendship , love , and
friendship , love
friendship ,
're all in this together
Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
gets vivid performances from her cast and
gets vivid performances from her cast
gets vivid performances
vivid performances
pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
deft
Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
Ally
Film Festival
Festival
The Next Great Thing
Next Great Thing
Great Thing
One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
most slyly exquisite
slyly exquisite
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
bewilderingly brilliant and
bewilderingly brilliant
will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and
will appeal to Discovery Channel fans
Discovery Channel fans
will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
is born to play Shaggy !
is born to play Shaggy
Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
Light , silly
photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time
with colour and depth , and rather a good time
colour and depth , and rather a good time
colour and depth , and
colour and depth ,
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important
ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important
ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB-
the way Chekhov is funny
profound without ever being self-important
profound
without ever being self-important
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
without ever succumbing to sentimentality
repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but
to fully endear itself to American art house audiences
fully endear itself to American art house audiences
endear itself to American art house audiences
endear itself
endear
it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
notable
for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
stylistic austerity and forcefulness
austerity and forcefulness
to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
these two literary figures , and even the times
The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance
gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means
good guys and
good guys
a noble end
noble
Good-naturedly cornball sequel .
Good-naturedly
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
go the distance
the cast is impressive
is impressive
all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
give life
do the subject matter justice
Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
Discursive but oddly riveting documentary
This movie got me grinning .
got me grinning .
got me grinning
me grinning
grinning
The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish
rare Imax movie
was longer than an hour
Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
Elegantly produced and expressively performed
Elegantly produced and
Elegantly produced
Elegantly
expressively performed
, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
musical numbers
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
crystallize key plot moments
into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
minutely detailed wonders
of dreamlike ecstasy
dreamlike ecstasy
dreamlike
ecstasy
This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
is a pretty good job ,
is a pretty good job
a pretty good job
if it 's filmed Tosca that you want
exhilaratingly
Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
her pure fantasy character ,
her pure fantasy character
pure
Carmichael
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
old-fashioned Hollywood magic
Hollywood magic
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material ,
mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material
came up with a treasure chest of material
with a treasure chest of material
a treasure chest of material
a treasure chest
treasure chest
gold
Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs '
Reminiscent
Alfred Hitchcock 's
Hitchcock 's
waiting for things
hold dear about cinema ,
hold dear about cinema
As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .
As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
thoughtful and unflinching examination
thoughtful and unflinching
of an alternative lifestyle
, Sex with Strangers is a success .
Sex with Strangers is a success .
Sex with Strangers
is a success .
is a success
a success
shot all the way .
in its characterizations
interesting enough
whole hours
The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
The best movie
best movie
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
fuel our best achievements and other times
our best achievements and other times
our best achievements and
our best achievements
best achievements
I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
its best
Margot
are front and center
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon ,
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
idiosyncratic humor
in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
I laughed so much that I did n't mind
laughed so much that I did n't mind
laughed so much
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ...
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
often hilarious
so much like a young Robert DeNiro
much like a young Robert DeNiro
a young Robert DeNiro
It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
quirky characters , odd situations , and
in his right mind
make the attraction a movie
from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
explicit
is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
win over
learned from watching ` Comedian '
Comedian '
One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .
One of the best , most
of the best , most
the best , most
the best ,
understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .
performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career
An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
An intense and effective film
intense and effective film
intense and effective
intense and
intense
It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul
Maguire makes it a comic book with soul
makes it a comic book with soul
it a comic book with soul
a comic book with soul
with soul
Amazing !
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that ,
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
, modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
action-oriented World War II adventure
action-oriented World War
terms of authenticity
of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
to never shoot straight
Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
Wow
, so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
could be so light-hearted ?
be so light-hearted
light-hearted
Hey , Happy !
Happy !
's a movie about it
More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution
More than simply a portrait
this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution
A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
A live-wire film that
A live-wire film
live-wire film
live-wire
never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
its ability to shock and amaze
ability to shock and amaze
to shock and amaze
shock and amaze
amaze
Kirshner wins , but it 's close . -RRB-
Kirshner wins , but it 's close .
good sweat
his cinematic vision
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
large-format
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
to capture these musicians in full regalia
capture these musicians in full regalia
the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes
the incredible IMAX sound system
incredible IMAX sound system
incredible
IMAX sound system
feel the beat down to your toes
Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment
bigger and more ambitious than the first installment
more ambitious
a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
a highly gifted 12-year-old
highly gifted 12-year-old
has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond
suavity
classical familiarity
classical
much of it is good for a laugh
is good for a laugh
good for a laugh
for a laugh
a laugh
The heat of the moment prevails .
The heat of the moment
prevails
to hit cable
hit
be building suspense
-LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet .
-LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet
satisfying niblet
But they fascinate in their recklessness .
they fascinate in their recklessness .
fascinate in their recklessness
fascinate
If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
surprised
at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story
accents so good
so good
I thoroughly enjoyed the love story
thoroughly enjoyed the love story
enjoyed the love story
biggest
was a better film
a better film
better film
It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
's far from a frothy piece
the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
complex ,
pedestrian
the most positive comment we can make
most positive comment
most positive
is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
a pretty convincing performance
pretty convincing performance
pretty convincing
an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
dominated
, loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
special-effects-laden extravaganzas
, one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision
struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision
struck less by its lavish grandeur
by its lavish grandeur
its lavish grandeur
lavish grandeur
by its intimacy and precision
its intimacy and precision
intimacy and precision
precision
for a story
The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back
The cast is spot on and
The cast is spot on
is spot on
is spot
spot
the mood is laid back
laid back
A party-hearty teen
party-hearty
A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
A moving and stark reminder
moving and stark reminder
moving and stark
reach much further than we imagine .
reach much further than we imagine
much further than we imagine
as a real movie
a real movie
Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
Astonishing ...
-LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
-RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
profound ethical and philosophical questions
ethical and philosophical
philosophical
in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
the form of dazzling pop entertainment
of dazzling pop entertainment
dazzling pop entertainment
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film ,
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film
may marginally enjoy the film
enjoy the film
The Bread ,
can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
Oh , look at that clever angle !
look at that clever angle !
look at that clever angle
that clever angle
clever angle
great films
like Some Like It
Some Like It
Like It
Hot and the John Wayne classics
the John Wayne classics
moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
the original 's
deeper realization
to stand in for true , lived experience
true , lived experience
is more worshipful than your random E
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but
if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
into an A-list director
an A-list director
A-list director
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
contentedly
that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
's made at least one damn fine horror movie
made at least one damn fine horror movie
at least one damn fine horror movie
at least one damn fine
damn fine
certain
most addicted to film
Mattel
An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .
An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
An energizing ,
An energizing
energizing
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
intoxicating documentary
charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
turntablism
its social and political potential
social and political potential
being very inspiring or insightful
very inspiring or insightful
inspiring or insightful
Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
over the head with a moral
with a moral
a moral
Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices
on subtle ironies and visual devices
subtle ironies and visual devices
subtle ironies
Compellingly watchable .
Compellingly
watchable .
Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else is top shelf .
unbelievable
is top shelf
top shelf
off the shelf
the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his
though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his
is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his
is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB-
is more interesting
more interesting
-LRB- and funnier
a good movie
good movie
but it was n't horrible either .
but it was n't horrible either
it was n't horrible either
Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it
scarily funny ,
scarily funny
, the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden
a pitch-perfect Holden
pitch-perfect Holden
pitch-perfect
And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers ,
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers
with incredible subtlety and acumen
incredible subtlety and acumen
subtlety and acumen
acumen
A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .
of extravagant
promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili
-LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
a clever
thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
thriller with enough unexpected twists
with enough unexpected twists
unexpected twists
to keep our interest
keep our interest
a fan
Brussels
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different ,
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different
Maelstrom is strange and compelling ,
Maelstrom is strange and compelling
is strange and compelling
strange and compelling
engrossing and different
a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
a moral tale
with a twisted sense of humor
a twisted sense of humor
a twisted sense
A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community
A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care
A touching , small-scale story
touching , small-scale story
family responsibility and care
the community
eye-catching art direction
eye-catching
This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
a smart movie
smart movie
knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
knows its classical music , knows its Freud and
knows its classical music ,
knows its classical music
its classical music
Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
gives his best screen performance
gives his best screen
his best screen
best screen
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
an oddly winning portrayal of one
an oddly winning portrayal
winning portrayal
Their work is fantastic .
is fantastic .
is fantastic
fantastic
As a movie
seems fresh and vital .
seems fresh and vital
fresh and vital
fresh and
vital
everyone making it
With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
stand tall
takes on a whole other meaning .
takes on a whole other meaning
appear avant-garde
one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar :
a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar
for a best-foreign-film Oscar
a best-foreign-film Oscar
best-foreign-film Oscar
best-foreign-film
Oscar
a movie about whimsical folk
about whimsical folk
learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
life-affirming
walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
with stunning architecture
new or interesting
academic
an American ,
an American
exquisite balance
the fabric of the film
A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze
virtual roller-coaster ride
roller-coaster ride
glamour
family values
vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
recalls the Cary Grant of Room
Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
its affectionate depiction
... a light , yet engrossing piece .
a light , yet engrossing piece .
a light , yet engrossing piece
yet engrossing piece
engrossing piece
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
unpretentious
charming , quirky , original
, quirky , original
quirky , original
, original
Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
, it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
in its courageousness , and comedic employment
its courageousness , and comedic employment
its courageousness , and
its courageousness ,
its courageousness
courageousness
comedic employment
A dazzling dream of a documentary .
A dazzling dream of a documentary
A dazzling dream
dazzling dream
An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB-
An intelligently made
intelligently
-LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB-
-LRB- and beautifully edited
beautifully edited
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
say for plenty of movies
that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .
The unexplored story opportunities
worked
it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
an interesting exercise
by talented writer\/director Anderson
talented writer\/director Anderson
Buckaroo
astonishingly
Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out
Rock solid family fun out of the gates ,
Rock solid family fun out of the gates
Rock solid family fun out
Rock solid family fun
solid family fun
family fun
gates
extremely imaginative through out
imaginative through out
imaginative
Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs
Clever and unflinching
comic barbs
, Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up
a small but rewarding comedy
small but rewarding comedy
small but rewarding
contemporary southern adolescence
The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
is more fun than Conan the Barbarian
more fun than Conan the Barbarian
Pedro
A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
relatively gore-free
allusions
serial murders
humanize its subject
humanize
Focus
abridged edition
had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story
dramatic potential
amusedly ,
amusedly
just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
ebullient Tunisian film
ebullient
about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
the exotic world
from dark satire
very well
entirely convincing about The Quiet American
Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
Canada
, Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years
clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years
clever ways
capturing
As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but
As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable ,
As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable
it 's pretty enjoyable
's pretty enjoyable
pretty enjoyable
Tori Amos records
be over
gleefully
thumpingly
Sweetest Thing
leaks out of the movie ,
about an hour
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ;
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact
, it has a genuine dramatic impact
it has a genuine dramatic impact
has a genuine dramatic impact
a genuine dramatic impact
genuine dramatic impact
dramatic impact
it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
a powerful 1957 drama
powerful 1957 drama
In an ART FILM !
an ART FILM
ART FILM
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying
to be genuinely satisfying
be genuinely satisfying
genuinely satisfying
A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style
A gem ,
in the unhurried , low-key style
the unhurried , low-key style
favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .
favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave
favored
-LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way .
-LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way
real pleasure in its laid-back way
real pleasure
in its laid-back way
its laid-back way
laid-back
real raw emotion
raw emotion
a film that relies on personal relationships
to surrealism and black comedy
there is truth here
is truth
float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees
I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up
to give it a marginal thumbs up
give it a marginal thumbs up
a marginal thumbs up
a marginal thumbs
While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
be familiar
, first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast
a top-notch cast
top-notch cast
top-notch
manage to keep things interesting .
manage to keep things interesting
to keep things interesting
keep things interesting
things interesting
If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .
answered yes , by all means
answered
by all means
enjoy The New Guy .
Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
Throws in enough clever and unexpected
in enough clever and unexpected
enough clever and unexpected
clever and unexpected
twists to make the formula feel fresh .
to make the formula feel fresh
make the formula feel fresh
the formula feel fresh
feel fresh
He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
He does this so well
does this so well
so well
you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
accepting him in the role
accepting him
The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .
is silly but strangely believable .
is silly but strangely believable
silly but strangely believable
but strangely believable
strangely believable
Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
everywhere
will forgive the flaws and love the film .
will forgive the flaws and love the film
forgive the flaws and love the film
love the film
I will be .
-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste
-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand
keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste
keen eye , sweet spirit and
keen eye , sweet spirit
keen eye ,
sweet spirit
good taste
are reflected in almost every scene .
are reflected in almost every scene
reflected in almost every scene
What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
, fun , curiously adolescent movie
fun , curiously adolescent movie
, Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
commands
interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
an exercise in gorgeous visuals
in gorgeous visuals
gorgeous visuals
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House
be the next Animal House
the next Animal House
it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats
more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats
of Tomcats
A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
from Motown 's shadows
Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
vintage Looney Tunes
for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
the most creative mayhem
most creative mayhem
a brief amount of time
a brief amount
give a spark
thinking man
in this summer 's new action film
A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the
A playful Iranian parable
playful Iranian parable
about openness , particularly the
openness ,
of diverse political perspectives
ideological
one for this kind of movie
You can taste it ,
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose
Strong filmmaking
a clear sense of purpose
clear sense
of purpose
oh-so-important
Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast
Enriched
by a strong and unforced supporting cast
a strong and unforced supporting cast
strong and unforced supporting cast
strong and unforced
strong and
unforced
Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
overly original
, but solidly entertaining
solidly entertaining
At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
At its best
, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
is grand-scale
grand-scale
moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
a larger-than-life figure ,
a larger-than-life figure
larger-than-life figure
an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
awarded mythic status
mythic status
status
Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way
It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
It 's fun , but it 's a real howler
It 's fun ,
It 's fun
's fun
a real howler
howler
as a serious drama about spousal abuse
a serious drama
with it
of an impression
She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness
all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness
all-powerful ,
all-powerful
a voice for a pop-cyber culture
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future
its heartfelt concern
heartfelt concern
recent past
South Korea 's future
adds a much needed moral weight
much needed
The actors are fantastic .
are fantastic .
are fantastic
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements ,
Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
does probably as good a job as anyone
as good a job as anyone
good a job as anyone
the endeavor
George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
their earnestness
earnestness
makes for a terrifying film
terrifying film
any movie with a life-affirming message
with a life-affirming message
a life-affirming message
life-affirming message
the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
surrounding us
Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
in a fresh way
a fresh way
opens today
a movie-industry satire
definitive
While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
While the humor is recognizably Plympton
the humor is recognizably Plympton
is recognizably Plympton
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time
bothered to construct a real story this time
a real story
` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
is funny , touching , smart and complicated
funny , touching , smart and complicated
, touching , smart and complicated
touching , smart and complicated
, smart and complicated
smart and complicated
smart and
make you think about existential suffering
This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling
, smart , savvy , compelling
smart , savvy , compelling
, savvy , compelling
savvy , compelling
savvy
, compelling
into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem
passive-aggressive psychology
All the small moments and flashbacks
the small moments
much more than
observations on the human condition
A beautifully observed character piece .
A beautifully
observed character piece .
character piece
Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought
inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought
some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought
creative thought
Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story
Does a good job
of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story
, and of telling a fascinating character 's story
of telling a fascinating character 's story
telling a fascinating character 's story
a fascinating character 's story
a fascinating character 's
fascinating character 's
With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
three excellent principal singers ,
three excellent principal singers
excellent principal singers
a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
a youthful and good-looking diva and
a youthful and good-looking diva
youthful and good-looking diva
youthful and good-looking
tenor and richly handsome locations
richly handsome locations
richly
handsome locations
for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions
the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions
Formuliac , but fun .
, but fun .
but fun .
but fun
Iles
translate well to the screen
The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins
is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions ,
duly impressive in IMAX dimensions
impressive in IMAX dimensions
As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
, yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
, ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
's like having an old friend for dinner '
like having an old friend for dinner '
having an old friend for dinner '
having an old friend
friend
Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
infatuation
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ,
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
number 1
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes ,
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
The lively appeal of The Last Kiss
The lively appeal
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
and pasta-fagioli comedy
This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications
spiritual film taps
afterlife
mystic
Unbreakable
The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ,
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
satire and unabashed sweetness
and unabashed sweetness
unabashed sweetness
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often ,
results that are sometimes bracing
are sometimes bracing
bracing
in unexpected ways , touching
unexpected ways , touching
murderous ambition
the era of Richard Nixon
of Richard Nixon
The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann ,
The power of Shanghai Ghetto
Funny and touching .
Funny and touching
It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
It 's a spectacular performance - ahem
's a spectacular performance - ahem
a spectacular performance - ahem
spectacular performance - ahem
, we hope it 's only acting .
uncharted depths
, incoherence and sub-sophomoric
A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
A stirring tribute
stirring tribute
tribute
to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
the bravery and dedication
bravery and dedication
bravery
who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
only to record the events for posterity , but
clearly see the world of our making .
of our making
imaginary
If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .
If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
like an extreme action-packed film
an extreme action-packed film
extreme action-packed film
action-packed film
a hint of humor
a hint
hint
, then Triple X marks the spot .
then Triple X marks the spot .
Triple X marks the spot .
marks the spot .
The Way Home
has few equals this side of Aesop
few equals this side of Aesop
you should see this movie
should see this movie
see this movie
The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
saved from
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked
kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked
kids-cute sentimentality
kids-cute
by a warmth that is n't faked
a warmth that is n't faked
a warmth
a stately sense of composition
a stately sense
stately sense
the film buzz and whir ;
the film buzz and whir
film buzz and whir
actually clicks .
Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
Like any good romance
good romance
Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
, proves it 's never too late to learn .
proves it 's never too late to learn .
proves it 's never too late to learn
's never too late to learn
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year ,
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year
One of the funniest motion
of the funniest motion
the funniest motion
funniest motion
A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
's flawed and brilliant
flawed and brilliant
... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
, like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
like Ravel 's Bolero
, builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
a crescendo
that encompasses many more paths than we started with
encompasses many more paths
The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
does its best
to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies ,
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
second helpings
, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
dawns , real dawns , comic relief
real dawns , comic relief
dawns , comic relief
comic relief
the lush scenery
lush scenery
What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
What a concept
, what an idea , what a thrill ride .
what an idea , what a thrill ride .
what an idea , what a thrill ride
what an idea
, what a thrill ride
what a thrill ride
a thrill ride
a thrill
thrill
And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
, thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
thanks to the presence of ` the King
thanks to the presence
, ' it also rocks .
' it also rocks .
it also rocks .
also rocks .
also rocks
I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
my enjoyment
of seeing justice served
seeing justice served
even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
that 's best served cold
's best served cold
's best
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story ,
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story
loves a David and Goliath story
David and
The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times
are strong
on hammy at times
has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family
created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family
a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation
wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation
, winning , if languidly paced ,
the meaning and value of family
the meaning and value
meaning and value
It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care ,
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ,
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance
caffeinated , sloppy brilliance
brilliance
sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care
sparkling with ideas
had been developed with more care
developed with more care
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
very smart
wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
wears its heart
Hawaiian shirt
Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
Like a skillful fisher
a skillful fisher
skillful fisher
, the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely
uses the last act to reel in the audience
to reel in the audience
reel in the audience
since its poignancy hooks us completely
its poignancy hooks us completely
hooks us completely
hooks us
A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
A wild ride
wild ride
boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
a deserved co-winner
deserved co-winner
co-winner
of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
the Audience Award
Audience Award
` comedy ' scenes
Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old --
such a well-defined sense
a well-defined sense
well-defined sense
well-defined
15 years old
operatic
Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this
20th
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality ,
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality
a lot of stamina and vitality
stamina and vitality
, Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
are simply intoxicating .
are simply intoxicating
For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .
For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York
, I was entranced .
I was entranced .
was entranced .
was entranced
A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently
perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland ,
perfectly acceptable ,
perfectly acceptable
competently
scary horror movie
The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
The tasteful little revision works
tasteful little revision works
little revision works
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
enhancing
the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
cultural and economic subtext
bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
a monster movie
for the art-house crowd
it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
steadfast
set up
a dualistic battle between good and evil
good and
Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
, albeit a visually compelling one ,
albeit a visually compelling one ,
albeit a visually compelling one
a visually compelling one
visually compelling one
visually compelling
fully realized story
entertaining , but forgettable
The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling
The history is fascinating ;
The history is fascinating
is fascinating
the action is dazzling
is dazzling
All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
Perdition
is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
excellence
DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material
DeMeo is not without talent
is not without talent
a straight face
gripping and handsome execution
handsome execution
that 's unique or memorable .
's unique or memorable .
's unique or memorable
unique or memorable
its core
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad
The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make
Roman Polanski may have been born to make
may have been born to make
born to make
It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful ,
funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful
funny and human and really
funny and human and
funny and human
pretty damned wonderful
damned wonderful
The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .
The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
most good-hearted yet sensual
most good-hearted yet
most good-hearted
I 'm likely to see all year
likely to see all year
smiling for the camera
built for controversy
for controversy
another breathless movie
breathless movie
breathless
-LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
-LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths
wholly believable and heart-wrenching
wholly
believable and heart-wrenching
believable and
as funny or entertaining
funny or entertaining
funny or
it is a respectable sequel
is a respectable sequel
a respectable sequel
respectable sequel
classified as one of those ` alternate reality '
seen this summer
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ...
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately
Entirely suspenseful , extremely
Entirely suspenseful ,
Entirely suspenseful
well-paced and ultimately
well-paced and
well-paced
dare I say , entertaining !
dare I say , entertaining
I say , entertaining
`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
'' is entertaining .
is entertaining .
is entertaining
Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor
piercing domestic drama
piercing
with spikes of sly humor
spikes of sly humor
of sly humor
sly humor
moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
something fresh to say
An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .
An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it
that have preceded it
have preceded it
Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
oftentimes funny , yet
oftentimes funny ,
oftentimes funny
As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .
, LaBute continues to improve .
LaBute continues to improve .
continues to improve .
continues to improve
of both adventure and song
adventure and song
You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies
have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies
eat up
Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker
may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
hopeful or optimistic
optimistic
Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
a terrific performance
terrific performance
in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
this fascinating portrait
fascinating portrait
has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .
has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
an unexpectedly adamant streak
unexpectedly adamant streak
warm-blooded empathy
Iraqi factory
receive
Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .
Jeffrey Tambor 's
intelligent jazz-playing exterminator
is Oscar-worthy .
is Oscar-worthy
Oscar-worthy
This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
long on glamour
though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
told with sharp ears and eyes
with sharp ears and eyes
gimmicky
Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either
Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but
become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original
one of those rare remakes
of those rare remakes
rare remakes
eclipse the original
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
similarly styled Gremlins
At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
zings along with vibrance and warmth .
zings along with vibrance and warmth
with vibrance and warmth
vibrance and warmth
vibrance and
vibrance
You have to see it .
have to see it .
have to see it
such a dependable concept
a dependable concept
dependable concept
A tasty slice of droll whimsy
A tasty slice
tasty slice
while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected
the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected
were far more entertaining than I had expected
far more entertaining than I had expected
far more entertaining
more entertaining
to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
edge or
to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
Rising
that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
set it apart from other Deep South stories
reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
decorous
is ultimately
as inspiring
coffee
The film oozes craft .
oozes craft .
oozes craft
Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts
vibrant creative instincts
vibrant
creative instincts
are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls
about guys and dolls
Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title
but every bit as filling as the treat of the title
every bit as filling as the treat of the title
as filling as the treat of the title
filling
as the treat of the title
the treat of the title
the treat
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ;
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here
's an excellent 90-minute film here
's an excellent 90-minute film
an excellent 90-minute film
excellent 90-minute film
But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
does somehow manage to get you under its spell
manage to get you under its spell
get you
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography
handsome widescreen photography
widescreen photography
Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music
excellent music
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special
really rather special
rather special
Uplifting , funny and wise .
Uplifting , funny and wise
Uplifting ,
funny and wise
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way :
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way
Old people will love this movie , and
Old people will love this movie ,
Old people will love this movie
will love this movie
love this movie
I mean that in the nicest possible way
that in the nicest possible way
in the nicest possible way
nicest possible way
nicest
Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
to have earned a 50-year friendship
have earned a 50-year friendship
50-year friendship
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ,
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
are so well
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
comfortable
with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
goofiest stuff
goofiest
I 'm all for that
'm all for that
Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
Just about the surest bet
the surest bet
for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
an all-around good time at the movies this summer
an all-around good time at the movies
an all-around good time
all-around good time
It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course ,
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity
the lustrous polished visuals
lustrous polished visuals
lustrous polished
lustrous
polished
rich in color and creativity
color and creativity
creativity
special effect
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait
incisive and sensitive
incisive and
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
be pleasant in spite of its predictability
pleasant in spite of its predictability
is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
the perkiness of Witherspoon
the perkiness
-LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
first-rate
Starts out strongly
strongly
focus , point and purpose
, point and purpose
point and purpose
World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
go anywhere new ,
it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
an honest attempt to get at something
honest attempt to get at something
get at something
You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit
it is a hilarious place to visit
is a hilarious place to visit
a hilarious place to visit
hilarious place to visit
accessible
A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
A simple tale
simple tale
, but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
the gorgeous locales and
the gorgeous locales
gorgeous locales
exceptional lead performances
, it has considerable charm .
it has considerable charm .
has considerable charm .
has considerable charm
considerable charm
Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
distinctive
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
of his reserved but existential poignancy
his reserved but existential poignancy
reserved but existential
Yes , soar .
, soar .
soar .
A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
A genuinely funny ensemble
genuinely funny ensemble
genuinely funny
comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind
heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind
nonjudgmental kind
nonjudgmental
we value in our daily lives
Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere
is nothing if not sincere
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
has far more energy
far more energy
, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
wit and warmth
Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
, Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
is fluid and quick
fluid
melodramatic movie
us plenty of sturm
One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while
One of the best looking and stylish
of the best looking and stylish
the best looking and stylish
looking and stylish
Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
Kidman
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
evolved from star to superstar some time
evolved from star to superstar
superstar
over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
quirkily appealing minor movie
quirkily appealing
seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all
the floppy hair
she 's really done it this time .
's really done it this time .
done it this time
The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable
complex and quirky , but entirely believable
complex and quirky , but
complex and quirky ,
complex and quirky
entirely believable
as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
the remarkable ensemble cast
remarkable ensemble cast
brings them to life
Jackson is always watchable .
is always watchable .
is always watchable
Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection
Deep intelligence and
Deep intelligence
a warm , enveloping affection
warm , enveloping affection
, enveloping affection
enveloping affection
breathe out of every frame .
breathe out of every frame
Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and
will please Eastwood 's loyal fans --
will please Eastwood 's loyal fans
please Eastwood 's loyal fans
Eastwood 's loyal fans
loyal fans
suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
psychological and philosophical
psychological
trust an audience 's intelligence
an audience 's
It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
fairly solid -- not to mention
fairly solid
well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
the two and
Mummy and The Mummy Returns
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King
stand as intellectual masterpieces
as intellectual masterpieces
intellectual masterpieces
masterpieces
A really good premise
really good premise
really good
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre
by The Full Monty
to produce another smash
produce another smash
another smash
hit .
Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
Time is a beautiful film to watch
is a beautiful film to watch
a beautiful film to watch
beautiful film to watch
film to watch
, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
an interesting and at times captivating
interesting and at times captivating
interesting and at times
his life-altering experiences
life-altering
While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
, Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair
Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent
penetrating
of cerebral and cinemantic flair
cerebral and cinemantic flair
and cinemantic flair
cinemantic flair
stimulating
The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale
supremely hopeful cautionary tale
supremely hopeful
supremely
It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received
the effort is gratefully received
is gratefully received
Jam-packed
literally
While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
say it 's on par with the first one
it 's on par with the first one
's on par with the first one
on par with the first one
par with the first one
, Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie
a light , fun cheese puff
light , fun cheese puff
, fun cheese puff
fun cheese puff
And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range
allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film
to reveal his impressively delicate range
reveal his impressively delicate range
his impressively delicate range
impressively delicate range
impressively
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms
French malapropisms
is a nonstop hoot
a nonstop hoot
nonstop hoot
enough innovation or pizazz
pizazz
the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
the novel charm
novel charm
that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
a surprising winner
surprising winner
modernize it with encomia
comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
dreaming up romantic comedies
Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot
Wonderful fencing scenes and
Wonderful fencing scenes
an exciting plot
exciting plot
exciting
make this an eminently engrossing film .
make this an eminently engrossing film
this an eminently engrossing film
an eminently engrossing film
eminently engrossing film
engrossing film
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it
the story and theme make up for it
the story and theme
story and theme
The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
The concert footage is stirring
, the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
the recording sessions are intriguing , and
the recording sessions are intriguing ,
the recording sessions are intriguing
the recording sessions
recording
-- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity
striking a blow for artistic integrity
integrity
this quality band may pick up new admirers
this quality band
quality band
may pick up new admirers
pick up new admirers
admirers
've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably
things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk ,
things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
elevate `` Glory ''
elevate
above most of its ilk
The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
love and compassion
garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ...
a condition only the old are privy to
privy to
misconstrued as weakness
It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
makes it to the boiling point
manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
a good simmer
good simmer
Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
, Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
Orgasm
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
a key strength
key strength
in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
with honesty , insight and humor
honesty , insight and humor
, insight and humor
insight and humor
Juwanna Mann
the guy-in-a-dress genre
Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
Ray Liotta
make for one splendidly cast pair .
make for one splendidly cast pair
for one splendidly cast pair
one splendidly cast pair
splendidly cast pair
This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
This often-hilarious farce
often-hilarious farce
often-hilarious
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy
the belly laughs
belly laughs
without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
high-minded appeal
high-minded
The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
their own rhythm
All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble
very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble
very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more
very stylish and beautifully photographed , but
very stylish and beautifully photographed ,
very stylish and beautifully photographed
very stylish and
very stylish
beautifully photographed
's worth ,
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
has humor and heart and very talented young actors
humor and heart and very talented young actors
humor and heart and
humor and heart
very talented young actors
very talented
a classical dramatic animated feature ,
a classical dramatic animated feature
classical dramatic animated feature
dramatic animated feature
hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
hip
A technically well-made suspenser
technically well-made suspenser
technically well-made
technically
it races to the finish line
it races
to the finish line
the finish line
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
A funny and well-contructed black comedy
funny and well-contructed black comedy
funny and well-contructed
well-contructed
what you wish for
Fierce Grace
moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
an example to up-and-coming documentarians
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study ,
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game ,
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game
A sun-drenched masterpiece ,
A sun-drenched masterpiece
sun-drenched masterpiece
psychological case study
Lopez Romantic Comedy
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success
the compassion , good-natured humor and
the compassion , good-natured humor
compassion , good-natured humor
compassion , good-natured
first film something of a sleeper success
of a sleeper success
a sleeper success
sleeper
And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
Kline 's superbly nuanced performance ,
Kline 's superbly nuanced performance
nuanced performance
is highly pleasurable .
is highly pleasurable
highly pleasurable
pleasurable
The film was n't preachy ,
The film was n't preachy
A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition
more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition
complex than its sunny disposition
than its sunny disposition
its sunny disposition
sunny disposition
Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
a vision both painterly and literary
a vision
Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
is terrific ,
is terrific
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery
an unforced , rapid-fire delivery
unforced , rapid-fire delivery
, rapid-fire delivery
rapid-fire delivery
Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
a remarkable amount
remarkable amount
rise above its disgusting source material
above its disgusting source material
Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
an impossible spot
the believability of the entire scenario
believability
Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
blockbusters
as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
Patriot
can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
a small , personal film
small , personal film
, personal film
an emotional wallop
An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
an intelligent screenplay and
an intelligent screenplay
intelligent screenplay
gripping performances
Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva
against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva
winter landscapes
, the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ,
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
of an expert thriller
an expert thriller
expert thriller
the tragedy beneath it
reveals itself
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan
the film was better than Saving Private Ryan
was better than Saving Private Ryan
was better
Oddly compelling .
Oddly compelling
A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
A soul-stirring documentary
soul-stirring documentary
soul-stirring
Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
remain curious about each other against all odds
curious about each other against all odds
about each other against all odds
each other against all odds
against all odds
Certainly the performances are worthwhile .
the performances are worthwhile .
are worthwhile .
are worthwhile
worthwhile
designed as a reverie about memory and regret ,
as a reverie about memory and regret
reverie
about memory and regret
is remembering
It trusts the story it sets out to tell .
trusts the story it sets out to tell .
trusts the story it sets out to tell
sets out
An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic
infectiously enthusiastic
infectiously
A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues
A memorable experience
memorable experience
like many of his works
colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
colorfully
kitschy goodwill
goodwill
Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
Its gentle , touching story
gentle , touching story
gentle , touching
, touching
creeps into your heart .
creeps into your heart
into your heart
ingenuity
barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and
moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time
a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
perpetual sense
, is both funny and irritating
both funny and irritating
The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
sense of humor
that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
of pun and entendre and its attendant
need to constantly draw attention to itself .
draw attention to itself
draw attention
classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains
Gentlemen
Fabulous
better than inconsequential
better than
transports the viewer into an unusual space
transports the viewer
is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between
the Vertical Limit of surfing movies -
the Vertical Limit of surfing movies
memorable stunts
Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
Noyce has worked wonders with the material .
has worked wonders with the material .
has worked wonders with the material
worked wonders with the material
worked wonders
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
a temporal inquiry
You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
watch the film twice
watch the film
Steve Martin
On a certain base level
well enough
to recommend it
Gussied up
're supposed to shriek
the wit
the comic elements of the premise ,
the comic elements of the premise
comic elements
actually amusing
A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big
A decent-enough nail-biter
decent-enough nail-biter
that stands a good chance of being the big
stands a good chance of being the big
a good chance of being the big
a good chance
good chance
stay afloat
carried out
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable
commendable
Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
ham it up
physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
a certain poignancy
As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself
quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself
patient and tenacious
, who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
with remarkable serenity and discipline
remarkable serenity and discipline
serenity and discipline
serenity
Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
from grace that still leaves shockwaves
grace that still leaves shockwaves
still leaves shockwaves
leaves shockwaves
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
opportunity to make absurdist observations
Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs
lots of laughs
find it funny
it funny
One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
fast-paced contemporary society
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
the most entertaining monster movies in ages
the most entertaining monster movies
most entertaining
the product of loving , well integrated homage
the product
of loving
well integrated
little jokes
an original idea
ethnic sleeper
grows
The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .
The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding
The humor and humanity
humor and humanity
Monsoon Wedding
are in perfect balance .
are in perfect balance
in perfect balance
perfect balance
There are things to like about Murder By Numbers --
There are things to like about Murder By Numbers
are things to like about Murder By Numbers
things to like about Murder By Numbers
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie ,
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie
is utterly fearless as the tortured husband
fearless
Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
Moore wonderfully
heroine
with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
unflappable
Jane Wyman and
Cleaver
Graduate
daytime
A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel
brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel
brisk , reverent , and subtly different
brisk
, reverent , and subtly different
reverent , and subtly different
reverent
subtly different
The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
is nothing short of a great one .
is nothing short of a great one
nothing short of a great one
of a great one
a great one
great one
's not the worst comedy of the year
ol'
there are those who just want the Ball and Chain
One of the funnier movies in town .
One of the funnier movies in town
One of the funnier movies
the funnier movies
The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
The universal theme
of becoming a better person through love
becoming a better person through love
becoming
a better person
better person
through love
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran .
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
more irresistibly than in ` Baran
irresistibly than in ` Baran
irresistibly
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature ,
elegant film
elegant
often surprising twists and
often surprising twists
An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
quiet , confident craftsmanship
quiet , confident
, confident
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
a sweet , charming tale
sweet , charming tale
sweet , charming
, charming
of intergalactic friendship
smell the grease on the plot
A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
A stylistic
romp that 's always fun to watch .
romp that 's always fun to watch
that 's always fun to watch
's always fun to watch
fun to watch
Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
, this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
like its hero
its hero
, it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
remains brightly optimistic ,
remains brightly optimistic
brightly optimistic
brightly
coming through in the end
Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
every once in a while a film
once in a while a film
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
chance to learn , to grow , to travel
to learn , to grow ,
to learn , to grow
ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
remains sporadically funny throughout
remains sporadically funny
sporadically funny
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good ,
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game
an epic four-hour Indian musical
epic four-hour Indian musical
could be this good
be this good
this good
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB-
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans
zinger-filled crowd-pleaser
zinger-filled
will have fun with
have fun
the screenplay , but rather
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty
much of the writing is genuinely witty
is genuinely witty
genuinely witty
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
appealing enough
have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
have a good shot at a Hollywood career ,
have a good shot at a Hollywood career
have a good shot
a good shot
turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality ,
be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
-LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
-RRB- homage
to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
the Gallic ` tradition of quality
of quality
insightful discourse
on , well , Love in the Time of Money
Love in the Time of Money
Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin
have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
a fine job
fine job
of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
updating White 's dry wit to a new age
White 's dry wit
new age
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
the numerous scenes
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
are worth the price of admission ...
are worth the price of admission
worth the price of admission
`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
your idea of a good time
of such a minute idea
This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
Burns 's strongest film
strongest film
strongest
backwater
Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
Deliciously
wryly
observant .
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
hard-driving
what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
Argento
... had this much imagination and nerve
had this much imagination and nerve
this much imagination and nerve
this much imagination and
this much imagination
much imagination
But it 's worth the concentration .
it 's worth the concentration .
's worth the concentration .
's worth the concentration
worth the concentration
the concentration
concentration
its promising cast of characters
its promising cast
promising cast
zany '
` funny
put on a show
all excited about a chocolate eclair
excited
a chocolate
the filling
A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz
A good music documentary ,
A good music documentary
good music documentary
probably one of the best since The Last Waltz
of the best since The Last Waltz
the best since The Last Waltz
is a movie about passion .
about passion
But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
's nice
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
a casual intelligence that permeates the script
a casual intelligence
Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but
Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- ,
Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB-
Lush and beautifully
make a nice coffee table book
a nice coffee table book
these people mattered
This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
an undeniably intriguing film
undeniably intriguing film
undeniably intriguing
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
an adventurous young talent
adventurous young talent
adventurous
young talent
who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
finds his inspiration
his inspiration
inspiration
A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family
fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat
pleasingly upbeat
pleasingly
upbeat
Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller
Efficient ,
Efficient
suitably anonymous chiller
anonymous chiller
so similar to the 1953 Disney classic
similar to the 1953 Disney classic
Disney classic
to sustain a laugh
Gently humorous and touching .
humorous and touching .
humorous and touching
, the movie is pretty diverting
pretty diverting
achieves its best
It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl ,
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys
of what it actually means to face your fears
actually means to face your fears
means to face your fears
to be a boy truly in love with a girl
truly in love with a girl
in love with a girl
to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around
is in the same category
X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average ,
occasionally brilliant but mostly average
occasionally brilliant but
occasionally brilliant
showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not
showing signs of potential for the sequels ,
potential for the sequels
giving us much this time
the twist endings were actually surprising
the twist endings
twist endings
were actually surprising
for each others ' affections
Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .
Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
the culture clash comedies
have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
marked an emerging Indian American cinema
A compelling film .
compelling film .
well done , but slow
you need to see it
need to see it
Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
you wo n't be able to look away for a second
wo n't be able to look away for a second
be able to look away for a second
that in a good way
in a good way
a good way
I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .
I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming
phrase ` life affirming '
` life affirming '
life affirming '
affirming '
affirming
Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming
truly is life affirming
life affirming
Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .
Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
a clear-eyed chronicle
clear-eyed chronicle
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
is more complex and honest
more complex and honest
complex and honest
a Hollywood film
Christian
's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
simply astounding
astounding
for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment
the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment
fleeting joys
joys
love 's
Take away the controversy
much more watchable
more watchable
A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .
A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up
A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up
raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up
raunchy and frequently hilarious
frequently hilarious
to the gifted Korean American stand-up
the gifted Korean American stand-up
gifted Korean American stand-up
the One That I Want
Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
, this film should not be missed .
this film should not be missed .
should not be missed .
should not be missed
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film
most brilliant and brutal UK crime film
most brilliant and brutal
brilliant and brutal
went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times ,
Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and
Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style
the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style
with style
I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life --
suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
's lovely
that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
works out
terms with his picture-perfect life
with his picture-perfect life
picture-perfect life
picture-perfect
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness ,
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
energized
by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
her fearlessness
fearlessness
of that
his film crackles
crackles
Yet the act is still charming here .
the act is still charming here .
is still charming here .
is still charming here
is still charming
still charming
It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you
that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you
that rare quality
rare quality
being able to creep the living hell out of you
creep the living hell out of you
He drags it back , single-handed .
as well-conceived as either of those films
well-conceived
A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments
that benefits from several funny moments
benefits from several funny moments
benefits
from several funny moments
several funny moments
supplied
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
whimsicality , narrative discipline and
whimsicality , narrative discipline
whimsicality ,
whimsicality
narrative discipline
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
relationship and
yields surprises .
yields surprises
Often hilarious .
at keeping themselves kicking
keeping themselves kicking
An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
An elegant work , Food of Love
An elegant work ,
An elegant work
elegant work
Food
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing
engaging as it is revealing
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions ,
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions
Bolado credit for good intentions
we can enjoy as mild escapism
can enjoy as mild escapism
enjoy as mild escapism
in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
good , hard-edged stuff
hard-edged stuff
, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert
a bit exploitative but also nicely done ,
a bit exploitative but also nicely done
but also nicely done
also nicely done
nicely done
morally alert
morally
street-smart
I like it .
On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
, Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
could be considered a funny little film
be considered a funny little film
considered a funny little film
a funny little film
funny little film
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
nearly as fresh or enjoyable
as fresh or enjoyable
fresh or enjoyable
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
keep this
complete
races and rackets
chases for an hour and then
A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .
A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth
A knowing sense of humor
a lot of warmth
of warmth
ignite
there are entertaining and audacious moments
are entertaining and audacious moments
entertaining and audacious moments
The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
an engaging storyline ,
an engaging storyline
engaging storyline
which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
make you reach for the tissues
Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece
Naipaul original
remains the real masterpiece
the real masterpiece
real masterpiece
, the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
possesses its own languorous charm .
its own languorous charm
own languorous charm
languorous charm
Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
full , chilling advantage
chilling advantage
chilling
advantage
Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .
Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
such a pleasure
a pleasure
At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
-LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB-
, Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two
is still quite good-natured and
is still quite good-natured
quite good-natured
not a bad way to spend an hour or two
not a bad way
I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies
more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies
watching Spy
with most of the big summer movies
of the big summer movies
the big summer movies
big summer movies
to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
the best espionage picture
best espionage picture
Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait
gentle , mesmerizing portrait
gentle , mesmerizing
, mesmerizing
, you barely realize your mind is being blown .
you barely realize your mind is being blown .
barely realize your mind is being blown .
realize your mind is being blown .
realize your mind is being blown
your mind is being blown
You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost
watch , giggle and get
watch , giggle and
watch , giggle
an adrenaline boost
adrenaline boost
've completely
your entertainment standards
blend together as they become distant memories .
the pitfalls
Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
brings documentary-like credibility
documentary-like credibility
cleansing
mildly amusing
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor ,
David Letterman and The Onion
, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor
can be fertile sources of humor
be fertile sources of humor
fertile
are presented in convincing way
presented in convincing way
convincing way
For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
For all the dolorous trim
, Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism
a genial romance
genial romance
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout ,
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone
surprisingly buoyant
sporadic dips
Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
Like the original
, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit
raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit
astringent wit
A taut , sobering film .
A taut , sobering film
redemptive
love .
A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid
with bloody beauty as vivid
bloody beauty as vivid
bloody beauty
any Scorsese has ever given us
The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
are consistently delightful .
are consistently delightful
delightful
But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
, Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
is truly gorgeous to behold .
is truly gorgeous to behold
is truly gorgeous
truly gorgeous
Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
Directed with purpose and finesse
with purpose and finesse
purpose and finesse
finesse
by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
who handily makes the move from pleasing
handily
makes the move from pleasing
from pleasing
pleasing
, relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial
fare with real thematic heft .
fare with real thematic heft
with real thematic heft
with an original idea for a teen movie
an original idea for a teen movie
's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
to feed to the younger generations
younger generations
A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films
juiced with enough energy and excitement
juiced
with enough energy and excitement
enough energy and excitement
energy and excitement
at least three films
Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless ,
Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless
is perfectly inoffensive and harmless
perfectly inoffensive and harmless
inoffensive and harmless
Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
Elvira fans
could hardly ask for more .
could hardly ask for more
what you 'd expect from a guy
you 'd expect from a guy
Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
all great films about a life you never knew existed
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
even more to think about after the final frame
more to think about after the final frame
interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
interesting characters
a halfway intriguing plot
halfway intriguing plot
intriguing plot
of a satisfying movie experience
a satisfying movie experience
satisfying movie experience
the good and different
good and different
handled well
except for the fine star performances
for the fine star performances
the fine star performances
fine star performances
star performances
recommend `` Never Again
recommend ``
it 's a perfectly acceptable widget
's a perfectly acceptable widget
a perfectly acceptable widget
perfectly acceptable widget
Binks
Delirious fun .
fun .
succeed in really rattling the viewer
rattling the viewer
Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
, and motorcycles
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen
provide an intense experience
an intense experience
intense experience
immense IMAX screen
immense
There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
scenes of cinematic perfection
of cinematic perfection
cinematic perfection
perfection
that steal your heart away
steal your heart away
steal your heart
A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs
A fantastic premise anchors
fantastic premise anchors
is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies
a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity
, Blair Witch-style commitment
Blair Witch-style commitment
a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity
a more straightforward , dramatic treatment ,
more straightforward , dramatic treatment
more straightforward
, dramatic treatment
dramatic treatment
grandiosity
its overall sense of mystery
you actually buy into
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny ,
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny
incredibly captivating and insanely funny
incredibly captivating and
incredibly captivating
insanely funny
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and
interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast ,
interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast
interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- ,
interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB-
interesting cinematic devices
-LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB-
cool visual backmasking -RRB-
cool visual backmasking
a solid cast
solid cast
some wickedly sick and twisted humor
wickedly sick and twisted humor
This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
is the best Star Trek movie in a long time
the best Star Trek movie in a long time
the best Star Trek movie
best Star Trek movie
Not really as bad as you might think ! ''
Not really as bad as you might think !
Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
Beautifully filmed
and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top ,
enjoyably over-the-top
enjoyably
borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning
One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music ,
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay ,
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay
its exquisite acting ,
its exquisite acting
exquisite acting
inventive screenplay
mesmerizing music
many inimitable scenes
inimitable scenes
inimitable
who is not a character in this movie
starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
potentially incredibly twisting mystery
potentially incredibly
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
theories
influence
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man
inquisitive
however , it 's invaluable
A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie
A delightful , if minor , pastry
delightful , if minor , pastry
delightful , if minor ,
... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
, the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
a good race ,
a good race
good race
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
at the edge of your seat for long stretches
the edge of your seat for long stretches
mixed-up
know what it wants to be when it grows up
grows up
And Vin Diesel is the man .
Vin Diesel is the man .
While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
exceeds
, the production works more often than it does n't .
works more often than it does n't .
works more often than it does n't
Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings
Richly entertaining and suggestive
entertaining and suggestive
entertaining and
any number of metaphorical readings
It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn
a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn
a day at the beach
the beach
air conditioning and popcorn
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ...
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent
on an elegant visual sense and a talent
an elegant visual sense and a talent
an elegant visual sense and
an elegant visual sense
elegant visual sense
a talent
for easy , seductive pacing
easy , seductive pacing
easy , seductive
an equally assured narrative coinage
equally assured
Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .
Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration
a fascinating study
fascinating study
that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
Harris is affecting at times
The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries
an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries
an intelligent , realistic portrayal
intelligent , realistic portrayal
, realistic portrayal
realistic portrayal
of testing boundaries
decides
a black comedy ,
authentically
Next Pretty Good Thing
Pretty Good Thing
Good Thing
Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
susceptible to blue hilarity ,
to blue hilarity
blue hilarity
She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time ,
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and
always hilarious
valiantly
It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding
be particularly innovative
particularly innovative
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and
the film 's crisp , unaffected style
crisp , unaffected style
unaffected style
air of gentle longing
of gentle longing
gentle longing
make it unexpectedly rewarding
it unexpectedly rewarding
unexpectedly rewarding
... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes
with the excitement of the festival in Cannes
the excitement
of the festival in Cannes
Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
Bill Morrison 's Decasia
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful
uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful
uncompromising
unbearably beautiful
-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
goose-pimple
fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
, purpose and emotionally bruised characters
think of a film more cloyingly
I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
, Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
Spirit 's visual imagination
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
is such a perfect medium for children ,
is such a perfect medium for children
such a perfect medium for children
such a perfect medium
a perfect medium
perfect medium
for children
because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
allows the mind to enter and accept another world
the mind to enter and accept another world
to enter and accept another world
enter and accept another world
enter
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory
the payoff is powerful and revelatory
is powerful and revelatory
powerful and revelatory
cleaner , and deeper
cleaner
Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here
Despite the opulent lushness of every scene
the opulent lushness of every scene
the opulent lushness
opulent
lushness
seem to match the power of their surroundings .
seem to match the power of their surroundings
to match the power of their surroundings
the power of their surroundings
their surroundings
fun of me
liking Showgirls
Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever
it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever
's also undeniably exceedingly clever
undeniably exceedingly clever
exceedingly clever
exceedingly
Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
easily accessible stories
that resonate with profundity
profundity
once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
become very involved
of ` eh
in the series
Cherish
romantic and
only mildly funny
a little more attention paid to the animation
, 84 minutes is short
84 minutes is short
a movie about the power of poetry and passion
the power of poetry and passion
of poetry and passion
poetry and passion
sharper , cleaner camera lens
sharper , cleaner
sharper
have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
benefited from a sharper , cleaner script
from a sharper , cleaner script
a sharper , cleaner script
sharper , cleaner script
for some major alterations
some major alterations
If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
as happy listening to movies
happy listening to movies
as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates
of human frailty fascinates
frailty fascinates
fascinates
, then you 're at the right film .
then you 're at the right film .
're at the right film .
're at the right film
at the right film
the right film
right film
Poignant and delicately complex .
Poignant and delicately
Poignant and
Intriguing and stylish .
Intriguing and stylish
beatings
you could shake a stick at
a stick
a twist -- far better
a twist
far better
The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images ,
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
savor
the pleasure of his sounds and images
the pleasure
the historical , philosophical , and
the historical , philosophical
the classic tradition
evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
With exquisite craftsmanship
exquisite craftsmanship
... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society
fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society
fashioned an absorbing look
an absorbing look
absorbing look
bourgeois French society
justifies its own existence
justifies
its own existence
complex enough to hold our interest
complex enough
a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic
a nifty plot line
nifty plot line
nifty
Traffic
satisfying destination
everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
aspired
the condition of art
your nose
get more out of the latter experience
get the idea , though
Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
goes by quickly
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year ,
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie
some of the funniest jokes of any movie
of the funniest jokes of any movie
the funniest jokes of any movie
the funniest jokes
funniest jokes
A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
appetizer that leaves you wanting more
that leaves you wanting more
leaves you wanting more
you wanting more
wanting more
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one
for the entire family and one
's especially fit for the kiddies
especially fit for the kiddies
fit for the kiddies
for the kiddies
sound effects
That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
overcome his personal obstacles and
his personal obstacles
good man
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
is a wonderful thing ;
is a wonderful thing
a wonderful thing
wonderful thing
that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
share
his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
so compellingly
with us is a minor miracle
us is a minor miracle
Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
well-behaved film
lifetime milestones
dutiful precision
comedy spectacle
toss-up
over the end of cinema
another night
of delightful hand shadows
delightful hand shadows
If you do n't laugh
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season
the best and most mature comedy
best and most mature comedy
best and most mature
best and
summer season
very interesting
Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love
breaking new ground
knows how a daily grind can kill love
The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .
The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English --
The rich performances by Friel
The rich performances
rich performances
-- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English --
-- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English
especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English
an American actress who becomes fully English
round out the square edges .
brow
The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original
itself is far from disappointing , offering an original
is far from disappointing , offering an original
is far from disappointing ,
is far from disappointing
far from disappointing
offering an original
an original
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
nifty twists
that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
to the genre and another first-rate performance
the genre and another first-rate performance
another first-rate performance
first-rate performance
by top-billed star Bruce Willis
top-billed star Bruce Willis
star Bruce Willis
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and
are funny
a few are sexy
are sexy
Final verdict
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
the insightful writer\/director
insightful writer\/director
responsible for this illuminating comedy
for this illuminating comedy
this illuminating comedy
illuminating comedy
illuminating
wrap the proceedings up neatly
neatly
the ideas tie together beautifully
tie together beautifully
One of those staggeringly well-produced ,
One of those staggeringly well-produced
of those staggeringly well-produced
those staggeringly well-produced
staggeringly well-produced
well-produced
whooshing you from one visual marvel
from one visual marvel
one visual marvel
visual marvel
marvel
rediscovers his passion in life
rediscovers
his passion
runs around and
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded ,
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded
is impressively true for being so hot-blooded
impressively true for being so hot-blooded
true for being so hot-blooded
so hot-blooded
both leads are up to the task
are up to the task
both Oscar winners ,
both Oscar winners
Oscar winners
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance
finest non-Bondish performance
finest
into its intriguing subject
its intriguing subject
intriguing subject
resembling humor
old World War
Cliffhanger
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings ,
unlimited access to families and church meetings
unlimited access
families and church meetings
and church meetings
he delivers fascinating psychological fare
delivers fascinating psychological fare
fascinating psychological fare
making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden
a thoroughly modern maiden
Star Trek was kind of terrific once ,
was kind of terrific once
was kind of terrific
kind of terrific
of terrific
is completely
charm and charisma
charisma
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough
is pleasant enough
pleasant enough
the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough
our close ties with animals
emphasized
to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
dark comedy
is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
is , by itself , deserving of discussion
deserving of discussion
Smoochy
If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
for something new
something new
for something entertaining
something entertaining
, you 're in luck .
you 're in luck .
're in luck .
're in luck
in luck
compelling storyline
to perform entertaining tricks
perform entertaining tricks
perform
entertaining tricks
In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
is one word that best describes this film : honest .
is one word that best describes this film : honest
one word that best describes this film : honest
that best describes this film : honest
best describes this film : honest
describes this film : honest
this film : honest
film : honest
It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge
the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge
the funniest American comedy
funniest American comedy
` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut .
can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut
love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut
twice removed
-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB-
enchanting ...
enchanting
the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
that might have made it an exhilarating
have made it an exhilarating
it an exhilarating
exhilarating
treat .
given its Labor Day weekend upload
its Labor Day weekend upload
log a minimal number of hits
What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
in action
it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
revenge , and romance
A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
A deft
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
delightful mix
of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
sports-movie triumph
the whole enterprise
Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
sumptuous ocean visuals and
sumptuous ocean visuals
ocean visuals
the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
of director John Stockwell
At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
, the movie looks genuinely pretty .
the movie looks genuinely pretty .
looks genuinely pretty .
looks genuinely pretty
genuinely pretty
good for this sucker
A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
A full experience ,
A full experience
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
a love story and
a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
on the deep deceptions of innocence
Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
does such high-profile talent serve such literate material
such high-profile talent serve such literate material
such high-profile talent
high-profile talent
high-profile
literate material
For all its shoot-outs
the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
, starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
Ben Affleck
seem downright Hitchcockian
downright Hitchcockian
A true-blue delight .
true-blue delight .
true-blue
delight .
Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
is a career-defining revelation .
is a career-defining revelation
a career-defining revelation
career-defining revelation
career-defining
its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
of its provocative conclusion
its provocative conclusion
Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
more enjoyable than its predecessor .
more enjoyable than its predecessor
The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
The delicious trimmings ...
The delicious trimmings
The delicious
arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
arrive early and stay late ,
arrive early and stay late
arrive early
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
filling nearly every minute ...
with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
a lighthearted glow ,
a lighthearted glow
lighthearted glow
lighthearted
glow
a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
a glorious dose
of humankind 's liberating ability
humankind 's liberating ability
liberating ability
to triumph over a Scrooge or two
triumph over a Scrooge or two
impressionistic
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots
cinematography and exhilarating
` grandeur ' shots
grandeur ' shots
edits
With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
large cast
broad cross-section
, Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
the rat-a-tat energy
of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
maintaining a light touch
a light touch
tackling serious themes
One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .
One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
gloriously unsubtle
gloriously
adrenalized
shockers since The Evil Dead
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely ,
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely
may be lovely
be lovely
Love Liza 's tale
Love Liza 's
achieve
It 's provocative stuff ,
It 's provocative stuff
's provocative stuff
provocative stuff
speculative effort
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is ,
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is
be half as entertaining as it is
director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
with enough action
to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
satisfy the boom-bam crowd
satisfy
a huge sacrifice
truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .
-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass
-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and
-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence ,
-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence
is a commanding screen presence
a commanding screen presence
commanding screen presence
commanding
screen presence
his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass
abundant humanism
abundant
humanism
makes him the film 's moral compass
vivid as the 19th-century ones
-LRB- At least -RRB- Moore is a real charmer .
is a real charmer .
is a real charmer
a real charmer
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
enough cool fun here
enough cool fun
enough cool
to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
of animation enthusiasts of all ages
animation enthusiasts of all ages
animation enthusiasts
of all ages
is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags
of decent gags
decent gags
Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
Adaptation 's success
in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
is extraordinary .
is extraordinary
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you
going to take you
it 's a heck of a ride
's a heck of a ride
a heck of a ride
It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and
is sentimental
is analytical
yet permits laughter
permits laughter
As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
, the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
becomes compulsively watchable
compulsively watchable
in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
guilty-pleasure
Poetic , heartbreaking .
Poetic , heartbreaking
Poetic ,
Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way
may have many agendas
it also will win you over , in a big way
also will win you over , in a big way
will win you over , in a big way
win you over , in a big way
win you over ,
win you over
in a big way
And it is .
In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter
Astonishing is n't the word --
that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
some sort of beacon of hope
beacon of hope
of hope
be thinking about going to see this movie
thinking about going to see this movie
An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era
the wit and revolutionary spirit
and revolutionary spirit
revolutionary spirit
the final day of the season
Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
carry the movie
they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
are believable as people
assured of the wrong things
urban comedy
directorial touch
magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
magical enough
bring off this kind of whimsy
of whimsy
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner
its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner
in a tasteful , intelligent manner
a tasteful , intelligent manner
tasteful , intelligent manner
intelligent manner
Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks
Teddy Bears '
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor
by an esteemed writer-actor
an esteemed writer-actor
esteemed writer-actor
esteemed
As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
acceptable ,
occasionally very enjoyable
very enjoyable
It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
a lovely , sad dance
lovely , sad dance
highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
Kwan 's unique directing style
unique directing style
rises to its full potential as a film
rises to its full potential
to its full potential
its full potential
full potential
, still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition
offers a great deal of insight
a great deal of insight
timeless
precise
Matthew 's predicament
finally comes into sharp focus
comes into sharp focus
sharp focus
justify the build-up
the best advice
The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
redemption
makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
makes for a touching love story ,
makes for a touching love story
for a touching love story
a touching love story
touching love story
mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
a spiritual aspect
endorses
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years ,
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
are priceless
priceless
For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them
its dark , delicate treatment of these characters
its dark , delicate treatment
, delicate treatment
delicate treatment
its unerring respect for them
its unerring respect
unerring respect
unerring
Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise
great , has solid acting and a neat premise
, has solid acting and a neat premise
has solid acting and a neat premise
solid acting and a neat premise
solid acting and
solid acting
a neat premise
neat premise
Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time
be wholesome and subversive at the same time
wholesome and subversive
wholesome and
wholesome
Sweet gentle Jesus
gentle Jesus
The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible
The touch is generally light enough and
The touch is generally light enough
The touch
is generally light enough
generally light enough
light enough
the performances , for the most part , credible
, for the most part , credible
for the most part , credible
, credible
An enjoyable above average summer diversion .
An enjoyable above average summer diversion
enjoyable above average summer diversion
about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
the filmmaker 's characteristic style
characteristic style
an 88-minute highlight reel
highlight reel
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner ,
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner
's a good yarn-spinner
good yarn-spinner
ultimately the story compels
the story compels
of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
the balance between the fantastic and the believable
between the fantastic and the believable
the fantastic and the believable
the fantastic and
the fantastic
Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
Handled correctly
correctly
, Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
a masterpiece
of elegant wit and artifice
elegant wit and artifice
I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .
I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
I liked About Schmidt a lot ,
I liked About Schmidt a lot
liked About Schmidt a lot
What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
children 's ' song
includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
A quaint , romanticized rendering .
A quaint , romanticized rendering
A quaint ,
A quaint
romanticized rendering
dominant
like nostalgia
of the charm and little
the charm and little
the intrigue from the TV series
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in
A lot smarter than your average Bond .
smarter than your average Bond .
smarter than your average Bond
smarter
A French film with a more down-home flavor .
A French film with a more down-home flavor
a more down-home flavor
more down-home flavor
The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional ,
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional
comes along only occasionally
gutsy and perfectly
gutsy and
gutsy
executed it takes your breath away .
executed it takes your breath away
it takes your breath away
takes your breath away
takes your breath
captain
an advantage
such subtlety and warmth
subtlety and warmth
His best film
this film does but feels less repetitive
Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world
Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish
to be a part of that elusive adult world
adult world
its mind
The sequel is everything the original was not :
The sequel
is everything the original was not
Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes
intimate , unguarded moments
unusual homes
pop up in nearly every corner of the country
For 95 often hilarious minutes
95 often hilarious minutes
often hilarious minutes
if they had periods
It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film
picked me up , swung me around ,
picked me up , swung me around
picked me up
swung me around
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film
dropped
with more emotional force than any other recent film
more emotional force than any other recent film
more emotional force
emotional force
pot
Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
lucks
with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
anteing up some movie star charisma
some movie star charisma
movie star charisma
star charisma
when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
to sell us on this twisted love story
sell us on this twisted love story
breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers
with their fathers
Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
nostalgic comments
, Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
has a compelling story to tell .
has a compelling story to tell
a compelling story to tell
compelling story to tell
frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
frantic and fun
Deliciously slow .
build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman
build a feel-good fantasy
a feel-good fantasy
its total promise
Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .
want to be jolted out of their gourd
should drop everything and run to Ichi .
should drop everything and run to Ichi
drop everything and run to Ichi
An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something
An energetic and engaging film
energetic and engaging film
energetic
and engaging film
engaging film
An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
An enormously entertaining movie
enormously entertaining movie
enormously entertaining
, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
and yet completely familiar
completely familiar
An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers
of lingerie models and bar dancers
in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
held my interest precisely
held my interest
precisely
Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens
award-winning
make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
make a terrific effort
a terrific effort
terrific effort
disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
with energy and innovation
energy and innovation
feels like just one more
punch line
clears the cynicism right out of you .
clears the cynicism right out of you
the cynicism right out of you
she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial
impossibly long limbs
sweetly conspiratorial
is a towering siren .
The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
A look
`` wild ride ''
wild ride ''
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
business plans
Bring on the sequel .
Bring on the sequel
-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent ,
This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .
This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love
This charming , thought-provoking New York fest
charming , thought-provoking New York fest
, thought-provoking New York fest
thought-provoking New York fest
life and love
has its rewards .
has its rewards
is certainly no disaster
is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
an enthusiastic charm in Fire
an enthusiastic charm
enthusiastic charm
that makes the formula fresh again
makes the formula fresh again
the formula fresh again
fresh again
Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
the funniest film
funniest film
Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while
nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while
nevertheless efficiently
amusing for a good while
Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama
as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama
a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale ,
a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale
a comedy , a romance ,
a comedy , a romance
remotely triumphant about this motion picture
triumphant about this motion picture
triumphant
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ;
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation
An intriguing look
intriguing look
its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
its most delightful moments
most delightful moments
most delightful
come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
when various characters express their quirky inner selves
various characters express their quirky inner selves
their quirky inner selves
A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
A special kind of movie
A special kind
, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
me a lot of Memento
ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength
is One Hour Photo 's real strength
real strength
of wit or charm
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
, they ca n't go wrong .
they ca n't go wrong .
ca n't go wrong .
ca n't go wrong
A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design
A strong script , powerful direction and
A strong script , powerful direction
A strong script ,
A strong script
strong script
powerful direction
splendid production design
splendid
allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
is not only a pianist , but a good human being
not only a pianist , but a good human being
a pianist , but a good human being
a good human being
a good human
good human
pretty but
The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
emphatic
in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
properly intense , claustrophobic tale
obsessive love
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed ,
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed
are gorgeous and finely detailed
gorgeous and finely detailed
gorgeous and
finely detailed
Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful
is clever and insightful
clever and insightful
under cars
in full consciousness
Full of surprises .
Full of surprises
of surprises
, if good-hearted , movie .
if good-hearted , movie .
if good-hearted
cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and
cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB-
cuteness , Amy 's career success
Amy 's career success
career success
a best-selling writer
best-selling
ca n't help herself
dystopian
Fahrenheit 451
Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
, brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy
brimming
, holds the screen like a true star .
holds the screen like a true star .
holds the screen like a true star
the screen like a true star
like a true star
a true star
true star
Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
Beautiful ,
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
, oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
oddly colorful and
oddly colorful
colorful
a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
's there to scare while we delight in the images
there to scare while we delight in the images
scare while we delight in the images
while we delight in the images
we delight in the images
delight in the images
A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
A wild , endearing , masterful documentary
wild , endearing , masterful documentary
wild , endearing , masterful
, endearing , masterful
endearing , masterful
, masterful
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
Cool gadgets and creatures
gadgets
keep this fresh .
keep this fresh
each other psychologically
genitals
A charmer from Belgium .
A charmer from Belgium
A charmer
I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .
I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie
I bought this movie
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity ,
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity
gentle but insistent sincerity
gentle but insistent
gentle but
sincerity
with such good humor
such good humor
good humor
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
appreciation of the daily
appreciation
grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside
Appropriately cynical social commentary
Appropriately
ignites
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances ,
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances
Gorgeous scenes ,
Gorgeous scenes
masterful performances
sickly sweet gender normative narrative
gourmet
Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
Stuffed to the brim with ideas
to the brim with ideas
the brim with ideas
modus
At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
, it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
's Black Hawk Down with more heart
Black Hawk Down with more heart
Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
today 's hottest and
today 's hottest
hippest
from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .
If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and
a smart , nuanced look at de Sade
a smart , nuanced look
smart , nuanced look
nuanced look
is your film .
Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .
Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise
Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious ,
Far more successful
more successful
last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise
There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
feel fully
embraced by this gentle comedy
embraced
by this gentle comedy
this gentle comedy
gentle comedy
If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .
If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on
You want the story to go on and on
want the story to go on and on
Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out
a powerful entity
powerful entity
to believe in it the most
it the most
is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
a harrowing movie
the buttons
understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
a smartly directed , grown-up film
smartly directed , grown-up film
grown-up film
... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body
getting a more mature body
more mature
parental units
while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style
scores points for style
points for style
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
is one of this year 's very best pictures
one of this year 's very best pictures
of this year 's very best pictures
this year 's very best pictures
very best pictures
very best
Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
daft by half ... but supremely good natured
daft by half ... but
supremely good natured
supremely good
natured
Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
, -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
complicated characters
and , through it all , human
a satisfying complete picture
satisfying complete picture
satisfying complete
Visually striking and viscerally repellent .
Visually striking and viscerally repellent
Visually striking and
Visually striking
for an older one
` best part ' of the movie
best part ' of the movie
best part '
a 60-second homage
to one of Demme 's good films
one of Demme 's good films
of Demme 's good films
good films
errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
beauty , grace and
beauty , grace
beauty ,
even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
otherwise appealing picture
otherwise appealing
its soul to Screenwriting
episodic pacing
Xerox of other , better crime movies
Great dragons !
dragons !
A small movie with a big impact .
A small movie with a big impact
with a big impact
Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
sticks with its subjects a little longer
with its subjects
tells a deeper story
a deeper story
to feel funny and light
feel funny and light
funny and light
-- but certainly hard to hate .
but certainly hard to hate
certainly hard to hate
In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
, French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
director Anne Fontaine
delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst
an inspired portrait
inspired portrait
The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
feels uncomfortably real ,
feels uncomfortably real
uncomfortably real
language and locations
bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
the unmistakable stamp of authority
Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .
Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach
Good performances and
Good performances
a realistic , non-exploitive approach
realistic , non-exploitive approach
, non-exploitive approach
non-exploitive approach
make Paid in Full worth seeing .
make Paid in Full worth seeing
worth seeing
An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .
An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view
An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point
An honest , sensitive story
honest , sensitive story
sensitive story
Beautifully produced .
Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .
will have an intermittently good time .
will have an intermittently good time
have an intermittently good time
an intermittently good time
intermittently good time
intermittently good
A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
A film with almost as many
delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers
delights for adults
there are for children and dog lovers
are for children and dog lovers
and dog lovers
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
the adjective ` gentle ' applies
the adjective ` gentle '
` gentle '
perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette
an otherwise delightful comedy of errors
an otherwise delightful comedy
otherwise delightful comedy
otherwise delightful
attributable to a movie like this
the top of their lungs
-LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .
reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
realistically
Robert De Niro performance
Niro performance
lucratively
engaged
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman
make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman
make an excellent companion piece
an excellent companion piece
excellent companion piece
companion piece
similarly themed
The French Lieutenant 's Woman
Harmless fun .
Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane
is nicely shot , well-edited and
is nicely shot , well-edited
is nicely shot ,
is nicely shot
nicely shot
well-edited
features a standout performance by Diane Lane
features a standout performance
a standout performance
standout performance
standout
the storytelling and
glamorous machine
glamorous
thrusts the audience
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is ,
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating ,
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating
a fascinating curiosity piece --
a fascinating curiosity piece
fascinating curiosity piece
about ten
The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
cinematic razzle-dazzle
from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
in the simple telling
, proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
harrowing and uplifting
Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
Spielberg 's first real masterpiece
first real masterpiece
, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still ,
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still
all the hearts it won -- and wins still
it won -- and wins still
won -- and wins still
won -- and
won --
won
wins still
Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
is a filmmaker of impressive talent
a filmmaker of impressive talent
of impressive talent
impressive talent
Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment
sophisticated and unsentimental treatment
as they do in this marvelous film
they do in this marvelous film
do in this marvelous film
in this marvelous film
this marvelous film
marvelous film
Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .
move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film
have been an eerie thriller
an eerie thriller
eerie thriller
a thinking man 's monster movie
a thinking man 's
It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
's the sweet Cinderella story
the sweet Cinderella story
sweet Cinderella story
Cinderella
that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
`` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
deserve a passing grade
grade
able to pull it back on course
A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
A return to pure Disney
pure Disney
magic and is enjoyable family fare .
magic and is enjoyable family fare
is enjoyable family fare
enjoyable family fare
enjoyable family
better drama
All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '
will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental .
will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental
a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental
good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental
good -LRB- successful -RRB-
-LRB- successful -RRB-
successful -RRB-
surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology
with a clear passion for sociology
clear passion
With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
good-natured fun
, Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
is prime escapist fare .
is prime escapist fare
prime
An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic
ambitiously naturalistic
of California
The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs ,
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times ,
jolt you out
jolt you
your seat a couple of times
give you a few laughs
give you
a few laughs
like it was worth your seven bucks ,
like it was worth your seven bucks
it was worth your seven bucks
was worth your seven bucks
worth your seven bucks
fire a torpedo
through some of Clancy 's holes
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
survive a screening with little harm done ,
the last 15 minutes
last 15 minutes
any after-school special you can imagine
a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential
one level
Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
simple pleasures
usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
a warm , fuzzy feeling
warm , fuzzy feeling
warm , fuzzy
fuzzy
Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue
portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety ,
portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety
with his usual intelligence and subtlety
his usual intelligence and subtlety
usual intelligence and subtlety
intelligence and subtlety
not to mention a convincing brogue
a convincing brogue
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization
uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization
uniquely sensual
uniquely
despite a definitely distinctive screen presence
a definitely distinctive screen presence
definitely distinctive screen presence
definitely distinctive
it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
fact and fancy with such confidence
fancy
with such confidence
such confidence
confidence
that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
seeing something purer than the real thing
something purer
than the real thing
the real thing
Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
crisper and punchier
crisper and
punchier
it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
like movies that demand four hankies
four hankies
most of it given to children
A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
A beautiful , entertaining two hours
beautiful , entertaining two hours
entertaining two hours
Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
inject some real vitality and even art
some real vitality and even art
some real vitality and even
some real vitality and
some real vitality
real vitality
a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
spend with these people
really get inside of them .
really get inside of them
a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
about one of cinema 's directorial giants
one of cinema 's directorial giants
of cinema 's directorial giants
cinema 's directorial giants
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ;
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel
is terrific as Rachel
terrific as Rachel
her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
emphasising her plight and isolation
A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
A giddy and provocative sexual
giddy and provocative sexual
romp that has something to say .
that has something to say
has something to say
, the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson
gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship
an especially poignant portrait of her friendship
an especially poignant portrait
especially poignant portrait
poignant portrait
is there to give them a good time .
is there to give them a good time
there to give them a good time
to give them a good time
give them a good time
Sly , sophisticated and surprising .
Sly , sophisticated and surprising
sophisticated and surprising
sophisticated and
All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost
All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but
give it a boost
Aimed squarely
: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
delighted simply
delighted
spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
cartoon characters
well-written
In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
In its understanding , often funny way
often funny way
often funny
, it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
is validated by the changing composition of the nation
the nation
has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .
has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock
some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like
some entertainment value -
some entertainment value
Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life
eloquently
symbiotic relationship
symbiotic
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker
this ambitious comic escapade
ambitious comic escapade
Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker
is a real filmmaker
a real filmmaker
immaculately
of Patch Adams quietly freaking out
add anything fresh
anything fresh
Upper West Sidey
as a tribute
a tribute
The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
is extraordinarily good .
is extraordinarily good
extraordinarily good
extraordinarily
Cho 's timing is priceless .
is priceless .
is priceless
Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
has done his homework and
done his homework
some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
jazzy new revisionist theories
revisionist
about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
the origins
a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
lovable
of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
more ways
It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
low , smoky and inviting sizzle
low , smoky and inviting
, smoky and inviting
smoky and inviting
smoky and
inviting
it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
a passable family film
win many fans
many fans
the age
One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
One of the very best movies
of the very best movies
the very best movies
very best movies
A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey
perfectly pleasant if
perfectly pleasant
A flawed but engrossing thriller .
A flawed but engrossing thriller
flawed but engrossing
Both damning and damned compelling .
damning and damned compelling .
damning and damned compelling
damned compelling
The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
The film sometimes flags
there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
at a brisk , amusing pace
a brisk , amusing pace
brisk , amusing pace
brisk , amusing
, amusing
creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology .
creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
a visceral sense of its characters ' lives
visceral sense
of its characters ' lives
conflicted emotions that carries it far above ...
conflicted emotions that carries it far above
that carries it far above
carries it far above
it far above
Lifetime Channel-style anthology
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
available
a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides
a more balanced or fair portrayal
more balanced or fair portrayal
balanced or fair
A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
A charming , banter-filled comedy ...
A charming , banter-filled comedy
charming , banter-filled comedy
, banter-filled comedy
banter-filled comedy
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
airy cinematic bon bons
cinematic bon bons
whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments --
by extension , accomplishments
A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity
A delightful little film
delightful little film
revels in its own simplicity
in its own simplicity
, Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
a smile on your face and
a smile on your face
a smile
be entertained by
entertained by
The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
has rewards ,
has rewards
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
the fierce grandeur
fierce grandeur
of its sweeping battle scenes
its sweeping battle scenes
sweeping battle scenes
sweeping
A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
swings and jostles
It 's never dull and always looks good .
's never dull and always looks good .
's never dull and always looks good
's never dull and
's never dull
always looks good
looks good
affection for its characters
Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword
Rich in shadowy metaphor
as sharp as a samurai sword
sharp as a samurai sword
Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
a wartime farce in the alternately comic and
gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
gut-wrenching
Vonnegut
Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .
put on an intoxicating show .
put on an intoxicating show
on an intoxicating show
an intoxicating show
intoxicating show
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
likeable
thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
the rich and sudden wisdom ,
rich and sudden wisdom
rich and sudden
wisdom
Has its moments , but
Has its moments ,
from a treasure
a treasure
loud and thoroughly
the theater in the first 10 minutes
Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
Witty , vibrant , and intelligent
Witty ,
vibrant , and intelligent
, and intelligent
The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
The best thing I can say about this film
The best thing
best thing
is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
ca n't wait to see what the director does next
his most ardent fans
most ardent
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ...
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and
can take the grandkids or the grandparents
take the grandkids or the grandparents
the grandkids or the grandparents
grandkids
never worry about anyone being bored
audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
of constant smiles and frequent laughter
constant smiles and frequent laughter
constant smiles and
constant smiles
frequent laughter
Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
is it as smart
It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty
fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty
, splashy and entertainingly nasty
splashy and entertainingly nasty
splashy and
entertainingly nasty
have gone a long way
gone a long way
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances ,
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
at least a few good ideas and
at least a few good ideas
a few good ideas
few good ideas
good ideas
features some decent performances
some decent performances
decent performances
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up ,
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
goose things up
A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ...
A creepy , intermittently powerful study
creepy , intermittently powerful study
, intermittently powerful study
intermittently powerful study
intermittently powerful
of this reactionary thriller
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
is meaningful or memorable
frosting
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that
would n't turn down a big bowl of that
Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
Bogdanovich puts history in perspective
puts history in perspective
history in perspective
via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance
Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance
remarkable performance
, he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
great charm , generosity and diplomacy
charm , generosity and diplomacy
, generosity and diplomacy
generosity and diplomacy
generosity
I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business
getting their fair shot in the movie business
getting their fair shot
Worth seeing once ,
Worth seeing once
its charm
If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness
its smallness
, it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie
elevated by it -- the kind of movie
by it -- the kind of movie
it --
that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
one of the lucky few who sought it out
interesting in Unfaithful
peerlessly
Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
he was reading the minds of the audience .
was reading the minds of the audience .
was reading the minds of the audience
A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
A sly female empowerment movie ,
A sly female empowerment movie
sly female empowerment movie
empowerment movie
Go for La Salle 's performance , and
Go for La Salle 's performance ,
La Salle 's performance
seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre
can move beyond the crime-land action genre
move beyond the crime-land action genre
beyond the crime-land action genre
Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .
, Rain is the far superior film .
is the far superior film .
is the far superior film
the far superior film
far superior film
far superior
firmly
ability to think
forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
as hilariously raunchy as South Park
hilariously raunchy as South Park
hilariously
South Park
a coherent , believable story
coherent , believable story
coherent
believable story
-LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that makes us
-LRB- A -RRB- rare movie
rare movie
re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances '
musical number
like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances '
like ` Praise the Lord
` Praise the Lord
the Lord
He 's the God of Second Chances '
does n't put you off
, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
an enjoyable choice for younger kids
an enjoyable choice
enjoyable choice
As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
, Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
is surprisingly brilliant ,
is surprisingly brilliant
surprisingly brilliant
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
into an intense and engrossing head-trip
an intense and engrossing head-trip
intense and engrossing head-trip
intense and engrossing
But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
deranged immediacy
makes it seem fresh again .
it seem fresh again
seem fresh again
seem fresh
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made ,
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
only one of the best gay love stories ever made
one of the best gay love stories ever made
one of the best gay love stories
of the best gay love stories
best gay love stories
gay love stories
one of the best love stories of any stripe
one of the best
of the best
There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but
a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
a neat twist , subtly rendered ,
a neat twist , subtly rendered
a neat twist ,
a neat twist
neat twist
subtly rendered
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment
ode to tackling life 's wonderment
life 's wonderment
Amazingly dopey .
even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
will be impressed by this tired retread
` epic
The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
bring their characters to life .
bring their characters to life
Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
, like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
, delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride
the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride
will have a fun , no-frills ride
have a fun , no-frills ride
a fun , no-frills ride
-LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .
most resonant film since The Killer .
most resonant film since The Killer
resonant film since The Killer
Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
why human beings long for what they do n't have
gets us
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ...
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic ,
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic
, the emotions seem authentic
the emotions seem authentic
seem authentic
the picture is so lovely toward the end
is so lovely toward the end
so lovely toward the end
lovely toward the end
almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
do n't notice the 129-minute running time
In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
In a movie full of surprises
a movie full of surprises
, the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
is a comedy , both gentle and biting
a comedy , both gentle and biting
both gentle and biting
gentle and biting
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation --
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation
A fascinating case study
fascinating case study
flower-power liberation
Naipaul , a juicy writer
a juicy writer
juicy writer
The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
a terrific job
terrific job
Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
than its fair share of saucy
of saucy
saucy
hilarity .
While the mystery unravels
Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
have made Vittorio De Sica proud
Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .
A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor
A pretty funny movie ,
A pretty funny movie
pretty funny movie
pretty funny
coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
perfect teaming
teaming
From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
both a great and a terrible story
a great and a terrible story
great and a terrible story
, Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
undeniably worthy and devastating experience
undeniably worthy and devastating
worthy and devastating
worthy and
If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
, you 'll still have a good time . ''
you 'll still have a good time . ''
'll still have a good time . ''
'll still have a good time .
'll still have a good time
Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring ,
funny , sometimes inspiring ,
, sometimes inspiring ,
sometimes inspiring ,
inspiring ,
On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
On the surface a silly comedy
silly comedy
, Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
such a clever adaptation
a clever adaptation
clever adaptation
he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
with a cause
few moments of inspiration
of inspiration
Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
darling band Wilco
darling
will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
A truly wonderful tale
truly wonderful tale
truly wonderful
combined with stunning animation .
combined with stunning animation
with stunning animation
stunning animation
Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year
Easily one of the best and most exciting movies
of the best and most exciting movies
the best and most exciting movies
best and most exciting movies
best and most exciting
most exciting
Daring and beautifully made .
Daring and beautifully made
beautifully made
more than a
has since
this viewer
in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal ,
be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal
be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
of loyalty , courage and dedication
loyalty , courage and dedication
loyalty
, courage and dedication
courage and dedication
courage and
freely
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions ,
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
director Peter Kosminsky
cutting impressions
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits
all the signs of rich detail condensed
of rich detail condensed
rich detail condensed
into a few evocative images and striking character traits
a few evocative images
striking character traits
is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
is fascinating , though ,
is fascinating , though
is fascinating ,
only belly laughs
onto the end credits
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece
confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece
confident , richly
acted , emotionally devastating piece
, emotionally devastating piece
of work and 2002 's first great film
work and 2002 's first great film
2002 's first great film
first great film
great film
Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
-- in the title role --
helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
powerful and satisfying
Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work
breathtakingly assured and stylish work
breathtakingly assured and stylish
assured and stylish
of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
spare dialogue and
acute expressiveness
acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,
But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
by its art and heart
its art and heart
A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
A generous , inspiring film
generous , inspiring film
generous , inspiring
, inspiring
that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
with grace and humor and gradually
with grace and humor and
with grace and humor
grace and humor
becomes a testament to faith .
becomes a testament to faith
becomes a testament
forgot
even halfway scary
Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
that led to their notorious rise to infamy
notorious rise
I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '
stand up in the theater
agile performers
agile
The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
of the wondrous beats
wondrous beats
Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
simple , sweet and romantic comedy
simple , sweet and romantic
, sweet and romantic
sweet and romantic
Pretty good little movie .
Pretty good little movie
good little movie
Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
figures prominently in this movie , and
figures prominently in this movie ,
figures prominently in this movie
helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .
Initially gripping
Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
, and gently tedious in its comedy
, Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
a purposefully reductive movie
purposefully reductive movie
purposefully
which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
so successful at lodging itself in the brain
successful at lodging itself in the brain
the brain
Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .
Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing
Offers an interesting look
an interesting look
interesting look
Beijing
Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .
Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine ,
brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit
savage full-bodied wit
full-bodied wit
full-bodied
cunning
When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
, `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
`` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
, honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
honest , and enjoyable
, and enjoyable
a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
she gets to fulfill her dreams
fulfill
There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance
that reaches across time and distance
reaches across time and distance
Tootsie
A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart
of pure craft and passionate heart
pure craft and passionate heart
pure craft and
pure craft
passionate heart
imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded
multitude
gigantic proportions
Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
Deliberately and skillfully uses
Deliberately and skillfully
skillfully
ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
the theme with added depth and resonance
with added depth and resonance
added depth and resonance
All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
works smoothly
smoothly
under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
the direction of Spielberg
who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
a convincing impersonation
convincing impersonation
here of a director enjoying himself immensely
of a director enjoying himself immensely
a director enjoying himself immensely
enjoying himself immensely
enjoying
Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
, it 's not half-bad .
's not half-bad .
A visionary marvel ,
A visionary marvel
A visionary
visionary
Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .
Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies
the kind of social texture and realism
of social texture and realism
texture and realism
about their lives , loves and the art
their lives , loves and the art
A three-hour cinema master class .
three-hour cinema master class .
cinema master class .
master class .
Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
mixes in as much humor as pathos
in as much humor as pathos
as much humor as pathos
much humor
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
on his sentimental journey of the heart
his sentimental journey of the heart
his sentimental journey
sentimental journey
If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
If you can get past the taboo subject matter
can get past the taboo subject matter
, it will be well worth your time .
it will be well worth your time .
will be well worth your time .
will be well worth your time
be well worth your time
worth your time
While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
, he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
has at least one more story to tell : his own
Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen
wayward teen
Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov ,
better than no Chekhov
if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
the greatest plays of the last 100 years
the greatest plays
greatest plays
Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
of familial separation and societal betrayal
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
your own precious life
rah-rah
patriotic
Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
achieves its main strategic objective :
achieves its main strategic objective
the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
of the conflict that came to define a generation
that came to define a generation
define a generation
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company
another classic for the company
another classic
It 's funny .
's funny .
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone
a few big laughs
big laughs
that graze the funny bone
the funny bone
funny bone
MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
a solid , anguished performance
that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
eclipses
Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
, Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
the bizarre is credible
the real turns magical
real turns
buy this stuff
twinkly-eyed
yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless
yet , it must be admitted ,
on top
It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
's a talking head documentary , but a great one
a talking head documentary , but a great one
but a great one
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things ,
Schiffer
Hossein
tried hard
to be too great
too great
This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
DiCaprio 's best performance
best performance
in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
the most watchable film of the year
the most watchable film
most watchable film
most watchable
Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style
those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief
those visual in-jokes
in the film 's verbal pokes
the likes
Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style
the stylistic rigors
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
visual splendour that can be seen in other films
visual splendour
splendour
have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings
have enough finely tuned
enough finely tuned
finely tuned
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience
succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
to be taken seriously
taken seriously
Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience
volatile performance
makes for a riveting movie experience
for a riveting movie experience
a riveting movie experience
riveting movie experience
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy ,
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy
have a cute partnership in I Spy
a cute partnership in I Spy
a cute partnership
cute partnership
do a load of good
a load of good
of good
kill Michael Myers for good
Michael Myers for good
Myers
for good
It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing
compelling , provocative and prescient viewing
compelling , provocative and prescient
, provocative and prescient
provocative and prescient
provocative and
an exceptionally good idea
exceptionally good idea
exceptionally good
A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story
-- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
World War II
A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
A rollicking
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology ,
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette ,
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains ,
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains
jaw-dropping action sequences ,
jaw-dropping action sequences
jaw-dropping
striking villains
a gorgeous color palette
gorgeous color palette
stirring music
boffo last hour
that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
to a strangely sinister happy ending
a strangely sinister happy ending
strangely sinister happy ending
sinister happy ending
, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
for a breath of fresh air now and then
a breath of fresh air now and then
a breath
fresh air now and then
fresh air
Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
Happily
are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude
Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood
Great over-the-top
you 're in a slap-happy mood
're in a slap-happy mood
in a slap-happy mood
a slap-happy mood
slap-happy
Swiftly
lead actress Andie MacDowell
Andie MacDowell
of its title character
clean-cut
of earnest textbook psychologizing
, Cage manages a degree of casual realism
Cage manages a degree of casual realism
of casual realism
dynamited
This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
is so different from The Apple and so striking
so different from The Apple and so striking
so striking
that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
encourage
us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
a very distinctive sensibility ,
a very distinctive sensibility
very distinctive sensibility
very distinctive
working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
develop her own film language with conspicuous success
develop her own film language
with conspicuous success
conspicuous success
derivative
The film 's final hour
was right to cut
Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show
Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image
puts to rest her valley-girl image
it 's Dench who really steals the show
's Dench who really steals the show
Dench who really steals the show
who really steals the show
really steals the show
steals the show
to shtick and sentimentality
the one bald
An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality
An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind
An intelligent romantic thriller
intelligent romantic thriller
romantic thriller
Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror
unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror
unusually crafty and intelligent
crafty and intelligent
crafty and
crafty
The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .
The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably
pleasantly and predictably
pleasantly and
pleasantly
delivered in low-key style
An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
An intelligent and deeply
intelligent and deeply
impossible , irrevocable choices
A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
A diverse and astonishingly articulate
diverse and astonishingly articulate
to call Reno a great film
call Reno a great film
a great film
Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
Part of the charm of Satin Rouge
of the charm of Satin Rouge
the charm of Satin Rouge
is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
with humour and lightness
humour and lightness
humour and
A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling
A movie of technical skill and rare depth
of technical skill and rare depth
technical skill and rare depth
rare depth
intellect and feeling
intellect and
intellect
fun part
Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic
Photographed with melancholy richness and
Photographed with melancholy richness
with melancholy richness
eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic
some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
that underlies the best of comedies
the best of comedies
Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye
Seeing Seinfeld at home
Letterman with a clinical eye
reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
look easy , even though the reality is anything but
look easy
An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller
high-octane thriller
high-octane
A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment .
in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
laughter and self-exploitation
jolly
soft-porn 'em powerment
you really want to understand what this story is really all about
this story is really all about
Lightweight but appealing .
Lightweight but appealing
, this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin -
- , Irish
That 's fun for kids of any age .
's fun for kids of any age .
's fun for kids of any age
fun for kids of any age
any age
cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
cast the magnificent Jackie Chan
the magnificent Jackie Chan
magnificent Jackie Chan
Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes
Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny
performances , great to look at , and funny
, great to look at , and funny
great to look at , and funny
great to look at
, and funny
An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest
little film noir organized crime story
organized
includes one of the strangest
love stories you will ever see .
love stories you will ever see
Neatly constructed thriller .
Neatly constructed thriller
One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory
One of the best silly horror movies
of the best silly horror movies
the best silly horror movies
best silly horror movies
, with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone
The most brilliant work
most brilliant work
most brilliant
The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
beautifully choreographed
choreographed
is simple but absorbing .
is simple but absorbing
simple but absorbing
Cool .
Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
'' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
a probing examination
a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
a few dynamic decades
dynamic decades
of cute and cloying material
cute and cloying
cute and
bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there
bursts with a goofy energy
with a goofy energy
a goofy energy
previous Disney films
Disney films
Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
intoxicating atmosphere and
intoxicating atmosphere
has a childlike quality about it .
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ,
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
some good material
good material
a retail clerk
Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
has a rather unique approach to documentary .
has a rather unique approach to documentary
a rather unique approach to documentary
a rather unique approach
rather unique approach
rather unique
-LRB- There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
quite a bit of heart ,
quite a bit of heart
a bit of heart
of heart
as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
Little Mermaid
inspires more than an interested detachment
inspires more
an interested detachment
Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration
comically
farcically bawdy fantasy
If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
the most edgy piece of Disney animation
the most edgy piece
most edgy piece
most edgy
the silver screen
, then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
certainly ranks as the most original in years .
ranks as the most original in years .
ranks as the most original in years
as the most original in years
the most original in years
the most original
most original
Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
, the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity
shock-you-into-laughter intensity
shock-you-into-laughter
Dense and thoughtful and brimming
thoughtful and brimming
with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
be rapidly absorbed
It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .
unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains
, this Dumas adaptation entertains
this Dumas adaptation entertains
real psychological grounding
Nelson 's intentions are good , but
Nelson 's intentions are good
are good
A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
A hypnotic portrait
hypnotic portrait
-LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
-LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
topic
of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner
straightforward , emotionally honest manner
straightforward , emotionally honest
, emotionally honest
emotionally honest
the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
deeply pessimistic or
quietly hopeful
Troubling and powerful .
Troubling and powerful
Director Douglas McGrath
takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
delving
about Full Frontal
close to real life
Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling
gives a superb performance
a superb performance
superb performance
full of deep feeling
of deep feeling
deep feeling
stoked
an important film
important film
Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
A sincere
gay coming-of-age tale
A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
keeps throwing fastballs
the spectacle
Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama
elegantly appointed period drama
elegantly appointed
plays closer to two .
Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
solidly entertaining and moving family drama
solidly entertaining and moving
entertaining and moving
family drama
, Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
is better .
is better
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us ,
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us
company once again dazzle and delight us
once again dazzle and delight us
again dazzle and delight us
dazzle and delight us
dazzle
fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
fulfilling
practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
a longtime Tolkien fan
It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
a great American adventure and
a great American adventure
great American adventure
a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
wonderful film to bring to IMAX
bring to IMAX
ca n't compare Friday After Next to them
Friday After Next
a good three days
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
martial arts
Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
, Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people
gets its greatest play
its greatest play
greatest play
the timeless spectacle of people
the timeless spectacle
timeless spectacle
be all too familiar
who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge
John Waters-like humor
dances on the edge
falling
Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
Leguizamo 's best movie work so far ,
Leguizamo 's best movie work so far
Leguizamo 's best movie work
best movie work
a subtle and richly internalized performance
subtle and richly internalized performance
subtle and richly
subtle and
Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
find that real natural , even-flowing tone
that real natural , even-flowing tone
real natural , even-flowing tone
natural , even-flowing tone
, even-flowing tone
even-flowing tone
that few movies are able to accomplish
few movies are able to accomplish
are able to accomplish
to accomplish
much more ordinary
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ,
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
a smart , funny look
smart , funny look
funny look
an arcane area of popular culture
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
entirely persuasive
persuasive
, it does give exposure to some talented performers
it does give exposure to some talented performers
give exposure to some talented performers
to some talented performers
some talented performers
talented performers
Does what should seem impossible :
Does what should seem impossible
tight
tits
This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit ,
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit
hugely imaginative and successful casting
hugely imaginative and successful
imaginative and successful
imaginative and
to its great credit
its great credit
great credit
one terrific score and attitude to spare
one terrific score and
one terrific score
terrific score
Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
keep upping the ante on each other ,
upping the ante
A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
A fiercely clever and subtle film ,
A fiercely clever and subtle film
fiercely clever and subtle film
fiercely clever and subtle
clever and subtle
capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy
the extravagant confidence
extravagant confidence
the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
of the victorious revolutionaries
victorious revolutionaries
victorious
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve .
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism ,
The best didacticism
best didacticism
is one carried by a strong sense of humanism
one carried by a strong sense of humanism
carried by a strong sense of humanism
a strong sense of humanism
Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve
Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
Bertrand Tavernier 's
oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
oft-brilliant
original inspiration
Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
Crane 's decline with unblinking candor
with unblinking candor
Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
, Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
delivers a magnetic performance .
delivers a magnetic performance
a magnetic performance
magnetic performance
If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
If you love the music , and I do
you love the music , and I do
you love the music , and
you love the music ,
you love the music
love the music
, its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
shift
, director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
narrative arc
easy to swallow ,
nourishing
yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
strange , fleeting brew
of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
perseverance and
Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
Harks
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
had more to do with imagination than market research
do with imagination
with imagination
Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
Like a Tarantino movie with heart
a Tarantino movie with heart
with heart
, Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing
richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing
richly detailed , deftly executed and
richly detailed , deftly executed
richly detailed ,
richly detailed
deftly executed
utterly absorbing
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
, you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
have fun in this cinematic sandbox
fun in this cinematic sandbox
sandbox
Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
, the film does pack some serious suspense .
the film does pack some serious suspense .
does pack some serious suspense .
does pack some serious suspense
pack some serious suspense
some serious suspense
serious suspense
It 's a masterpeice .
's a masterpeice .
a masterpeice
masterpeice
serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
untidily honest
thrills ,
, as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
albeit one made by the smartest kids in class
made by the smartest kids in class
by the smartest kids in class
the smartest kids in class
smartest
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France :
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes
A chilling tale of one
A chilling tale
great crimes
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective
it is effective
is effective
an anticipated audience
anticipated
fondness
Kirkegaard
with the titillating material
the titillating material
titillating material
titillating
The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...
The Cat 's Meow
marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
spaces
also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie
homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie
a classic low-budget film noir movie
classic low-budget film noir movie
Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
Art-house to the core
to the core
Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
a genre-curling crime story
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
the free-wheeling noir spirit
Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name
Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name
Dave Barry 's popular book
Dave Barry 's
, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
having a real writer plot
a real writer plot
real writer plot
some charm and heart
charm and heart
engage children
sci-fi techno-sex thriller
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
fire-breathing
The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
The origin story is well told , and
The origin story is well told ,
The origin story is well told
the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
who values the original comic books
values the original comic books
Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes
a dream is a wish your heart makes
a wish your heart makes
is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films
He has a great cast and a great idea .
has a great cast and a great idea .
has a great cast and a great idea
a great cast and a great idea
a great cast and
a great cast
great cast
a great idea
great idea
feel good about themselves
feel good
talented and notorious subject
as anything much more
Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
Hailed
as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism
a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism
a clever exercise
clever exercise
, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
this clever and very satisfying picture
clever and very satisfying picture
clever and very satisfying
very satisfying
is more accurately Chabrolian .
accurately
is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film
well-meaning , beautifully produced film
well-meaning
, beautifully produced film
beautifully produced film
beautifully produced
a high-powered star pedigree
high-powered star pedigree
high-powered
A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
A no-holds-barred cinematic
no-holds-barred cinematic
is n't a bad film
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive ,
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive
are lush and inventive
lush and inventive
manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
take us to that elusive , lovely place
to that elusive , lovely place
that elusive , lovely place
elusive , lovely place
elusive , lovely
, lovely
A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
A sensitive and astute
sensitive and astute
sensitive and
by Anne-Sophie Birot
The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
The charms of the lead performances
Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
, Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
Miller , Kuras and the actresses
make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
Personal Velocity
into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
intricate , intimate and intelligent
, intimate and intelligent
intimate and intelligent
A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
A very well-meaning movie , and it
A very well-meaning movie , and
A very well-meaning movie ,
very well-meaning movie ,
very well-meaning
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial
in future years as an eloquent memorial
future years as an eloquent memorial
as an eloquent memorial
an eloquent memorial
eloquent memorial
eloquent
Though clearly well-intentioned
clearly well-intentioned
With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine
the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine
that deserves a chance to shine
deserves a chance to shine
chance to shine
to shine
shine
-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood
mainstream Hollywood
while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
retaining an integrity
an integrity
What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves
for sure
tell you
a whole lot
`` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
its floating narrative
floating narrative
, this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film
a remarkably accessible and haunting film
remarkably accessible and haunting film
remarkably accessible and haunting
accessible and
One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
catches you up in something bigger than yourself
catches you
something bigger than yourself
bigger than yourself
namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then
to enjoy good trash every now and then
good trash
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes
swept away
paean
circa
Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ...
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances
the benefit of being able to give full performances
benefit
of being able to give full performances
being able to give full performances
able to give full performances
give full performances
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
demonstrating vividly
that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
the beauty and power of the opera
the beauty and power
Visually captivating .
captivating .
While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
-LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
including a knockout of a closing line
a knockout of a closing line
a knockout
knockout
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that
itself is about something very interesting and odd that
is about something very interesting and odd that
very interesting and
work better
a real documentary
real documentary
fairly trite narrative
tequila bender
Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
a masterpiece -- and
a masterpiece --
intelligent and considered in its details , but
intelligent and considered in its details ,
intelligent and considered in its details
... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters
does full honor
, and to the conflicted complexity of his characters
the conflicted complexity of his characters
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T.
Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
discoveries
any stylish sizzle
stylish sizzle
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
the film sits with square conviction
with square conviction
touching good sense on the experience of its women
touching good sense
Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
is wonderful .
is wonderful
It 's a quirky , off-beat project .
a quirky , off-beat project
quirky , off-beat project
thoughtful dialogue
that it looks neat
it looks neat
looks neat
ambiguous and nothing
ambiguous
As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
, Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
is icily brilliant .
is icily brilliant
icily brilliant
The effort is sincere and the results are honest ,
The effort is sincere and the results are honest
The effort is sincere and
The effort is sincere
is sincere
the results are honest
Viva le Resistance !
Viva le Resistance
Viva le
is what matters .
a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
in prehistoric hilarity
prehistoric hilarity
A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
A tone of rueful compassion ...
reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
whose meaning and
is sadly heightened by current world events
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and
The overall fabric is hypnotic ,
The overall fabric is hypnotic
is hypnotic
fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
spontaneous intimacy
spontaneous
an original bone
his body
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
are well done and perfectly
well done and perfectly
done and perfectly
constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
to convey a sense of childhood imagination
convey a sense of childhood imagination
a sense of childhood imagination
childhood imagination
I have n't laughed that hard in years !
have n't laughed that hard in years !
have n't laughed that hard in years
laughed that hard in years
laughed that hard
With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
With a cast of A-list Brit actors
a cast of A-list Brit actors
of A-list Brit actors
A-list Brit actors
, it is worth searching out .
it is worth searching out .
is worth searching out .
is worth searching out
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard
The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
is well crafted , and well executed .
is well crafted , and well executed
crafted , and well executed
crafted , and well
It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
anchored by splendid performances
by splendid performances
splendid performances
from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
an honored screen veteran
honored screen veteran
a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
a sparkling newcomer
sparkling newcomer
who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
into a believable mother\/daughter pair
a believable mother\/daughter pair
believable mother\/daughter pair
Italian Pinocchio
Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
, the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
works as well as it does because of the performances
as well as it does because of the performances
Avary seems to care about
giggles and
giggles
The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
The good is very , very good ...
The good is very , very good
is very , very good
very , very good
, very good
Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint
Watching these two actors play
each other so intensely , but with restraint
so intensely , but with restraint
, is a treat .
is a treat .
is a treat
a treat
's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
the most positive thing
quirky and taken with its own style
its own style
own style
like reading a research paper
tossed in
grows on you --
grows on you
The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly ,
The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
they portray so convincingly
portray so convincingly
so convincingly
get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types
to be involving as individuals rather than types
A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
A complex psychological drama
returns to his son 's home
to his son 's home
after decades
more appropriate
A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...
A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
major pleasures
Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
appetizing
If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
real-life story
is genuinely inspirational
genuinely inspirational
, the movie stirs us as well .
the movie stirs us as well .
stirs us as well .
stirs us as well
stirs us
-LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
the gloss
No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
John Carpenter 's original
's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel
Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances
Blessed
with two fine , nuanced lead performances
two fine , nuanced lead performances
fine , nuanced lead performances
, nuanced
What 's next ?
If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining
you 're paying attention
`` big twists ''
does n't make the movie any less entertaining
any less entertaining
If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
you 're a comic fan
a comic fan
comic fan
, you ca n't miss it .
you ca n't miss it .
ca n't miss it .
ca n't miss it
Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
Earnest and heartfelt
Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
for some very good acting , dialogue ,
some very good acting , dialogue ,
some very good acting , dialogue
some very good acting ,
some very good acting
very good acting
direction and especially charm
especially charm
Pipe Dream does have its charms .
does have its charms .
does have its charms
have its charms
What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
a pointed little chiller
Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .
Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him
Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before
Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him
does her best
Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move ,
Carl
so crisp and economical in One False Move
so crisp and
economical
A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what
A thoughtful , reverent portrait
thoughtful , reverent portrait
thoughtful , reverent
is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
wind
a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
gives out
-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany
his audience an epiphany
an epiphany
epiphany
give us real situations and characters
real situations and characters
But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
riveted to our seats .
riveted to our seats
riveted
Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
have a radar for juicy roles
for juicy roles
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture ,
of characters in this picture
A genuine mind-bender .
genuine mind-bender .
mind-bender .
This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
bracingly truthful antidote
bracingly truthful
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
combustible mixture
An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
An unexpectedly sweet story of
An unexpectedly sweet story
unexpectedly sweet story
unexpectedly sweet
some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
the intensity
that made her an interesting character to begin with
made her an interesting character to begin with
an interesting character to begin with
interesting character to begin with
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters -
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
a beautiful film ,
a beautiful film
beautiful film
full of elaborate and twisted characters
of elaborate and twisted characters
and twisted characters
it 's also pretty funny
's also pretty funny
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems
It 's an ambitious film , and
It 's an ambitious film ,
It 's an ambitious film
's an ambitious film
an ambitious film
ambitious film
ambitious films
deep or substantial
deep or
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and
A vivid , spicy footnote to history ,
A vivid , spicy footnote
vivid , spicy footnote
, spicy footnote
spicy footnote
spicy
a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
grips and holds you in rapt attention from
holds you in rapt attention from
holds you in rapt attention
holds you
in rapt attention
a fresh infusion of creativity
a fresh infusion
a promise nor
Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
, Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle
an encouraging new direction for La Salle
an encouraging new direction
A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord
of love that strikes a very resonant chord
love that strikes a very resonant chord
that strikes a very resonant chord
strikes a very resonant chord
a very resonant chord
resonant chord
gangster\/crime comedy
wore
its welcome with audiences several years
welcome with audiences
its cutesy reliance
exactly endearing
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks ,
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative
is dreamy and evocative
dreamy and evocative
dreamy and
dreamy
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff
Cho 's latest comic set
comic set
as sharp or as fresh
as sharp
as fresh
as I 'm the One That I Want
it 's still damn funny stuff
's still damn funny stuff
damn funny stuff
damn funny
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
a mature and frank fashion
mature and frank fashion
mature and
catches dramatic fire .
catches dramatic fire
The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
The real triumphs in Igby
The real triumphs
real triumphs
come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and
Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
makes Oliver far more interesting
far more interesting
Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
cruel but weirdly likable
weirdly likable
A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home
A plethora of engaging diatribes
engaging diatribes
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households
delivered in grand passion
in grand passion
coming-of-age film
sneering humor
as it provides a fresh view of an old type
it provides a fresh view of an old type
provides a fresh view of an old type
a fresh view of an old type
a fresh view
fresh view
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with
inside it he 's well worth spending some time with
he 's well worth spending some time with
's well worth spending some time with
's well worth
well worth
visual virtuosity
virtuosity
care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
cleverness , wit or
any other kind of intelligent humor
of intelligent humor
intelligent humor
What I saw , I enjoyed .
, I enjoyed .
I enjoyed .
enjoyed .
a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
a serious exploration
Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
deserves an Oscar nomination .
deserves an Oscar nomination
an Oscar nomination
Oscar nomination
For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and
summery
prove diverting enough
the depths
' romantic
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue ,
flowery
Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
eccentric and good-naturedly
eccentric and
Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
benefits from serendipity but
benefits from serendipity
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
reminds us of our own responsibility
is told as the truth
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ...
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
it 's all the stronger because of it
's all the stronger because of it
all the stronger because of it
all the stronger
stronger
Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
Carlos
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured
a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured
a feature debut
that is fully formed and remarkably assured
is fully formed and remarkably assured
fully formed and remarkably assured
fully formed and
fully formed
remarkably assured
must be a serious contender for the title .
must be a serious contender for the title
a serious contender for the title
a serious contender
serious contender
A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness
quiet family drama
a little bit of romance and a dose
Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made ,
though well dressed and well made
well dressed and well made
well dressed
If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
nails hard -
nails hard
accuracy
much about the film , including some of its casting ,
much about the film , including some of its casting
more than a whiff
vaunted empathy
My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .
Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .
Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
-LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
-RRB- are such a companionable couple
are such a companionable couple
such a companionable couple
a companionable couple
companionable
It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
a couple of great actors hamming it up
great actors hamming it up
great actors
Martyr
royally
to transcend its clever concept
transcend its clever concept
its clever concept
clever concept
Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and
an intriguing story of maternal instincts
an intriguing story
intriguing story
The gags
Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
Terrific casting and solid execution
Terrific casting and
Terrific casting
solid execution
give all three stories life
Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
a compelling piece
compelling piece
just how well
it suits the script
suits the script
What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
What makes Barbershop so likable
makes Barbershop so likable
Barbershop so likable
so likable
, is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
its performances
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
comes off winningly ,
comes off winningly
winningly
never thought I 'd say this
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ...
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching
Informative , intriguing , observant ,
Informative , intriguing , observant
Informative ,
Informative
intriguing , observant
often touching
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms
purely abstract
Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV
the impressively discreet filmmakers
impressively discreet filmmakers
discreet filmmakers
may have expected to record with their mini DV
, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
journey into a philosophical void
is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
fleetingly interesting actors '
fleetingly interesting
The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
An action\/thriller of the finest kind
An action\/thriller
of the finest kind
the finest kind
finest kind
, evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat
time to let your hair down -- Greek style
time to let your hair down --
time to let your hair down
Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too
Wilco fans will have a great time , and
Wilco fans will have a great time ,
Wilco fans will have a great time
will have a great time
have a great time
a great time
great time
the movie should win the band a few new converts , too
should win the band a few new converts , too
to bodacious
bodacious
A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it
A well-crafted film
well-crafted film
that is all the more remarkable because it
is all the more remarkable because it
all the more remarkable because it
remarkable because it
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation
its emotional power and moments of revelation
its emotional power
emotional power
with restraint and a delicate ambiguity
a delicate ambiguity
delicate ambiguity
highbrow
102-minute
blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers
blending entrepreneurial zeal
entrepreneurial zeal
with the testimony of satisfied customers
satisfied customers
satisfied
relatively effective
Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
is just such an achievement .
is just such an achievement
such an achievement
an achievement
The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
, really , really good things can come in enormous packages
really , really good things can come in enormous packages
really , really good things
really , really good
, really good
enormous packages
enormous
Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
Short and sweet
My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
the comic effects of jealousy
the comic effects
Everlasting
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
experienced
little time
Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty
an often intense character study about fathers
an often intense character study
often intense character study
often intense
sons , loyalty and duty
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here
She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly
to confront their problems openly
Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
'll be rewarded with some fine acting
be rewarded with some fine acting
rewarded with some fine acting
rewarded
with some fine acting
some fine acting
fine acting
The comedy
makes social commentary more palatable .
more palatable
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ,
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
her agreeably startling use of close-ups
her agreeably startling use
agreeably startling
agreeably
her grace with a moving camera
her grace
creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
creates sheerly cinematic appeal
sheerly cinematic appeal
cinematic appeal
Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year
Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture
A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration
A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller
solidly constructed , entertaining thriller
solidly constructed
, entertaining thriller
entertaining thriller
short of true inspiration
of true inspiration
true inspiration
finds its humour
on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
own tortured psyche
But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and
Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
Wilde 's droll whimsy
helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
`` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
'' overcome its weaknesses
overcome its weaknesses
Parker 's creative interference
creative interference
By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
applying definition to both sides of the man
, the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject
a fullness that does not negate the subject
a fullness
Many insightful moments .
insightful moments .
insightful moments
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ,
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
delicate balance
of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
simple and precise
while certainly clever in spots
certainly clever in spots
clever in spots
Shakespeare 's Macbeth
a high enough level of invention
a high enough level
of invention
There 's an epic here ,
There 's an epic here
's an epic here
's an epic
fans of the show
should not consider this a diss .
Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks ,
Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode
a historically significant , and personal , episode
historically significant , and personal , episode
historically significant , and personal ,
historically significant , and personal
historically significant , and
historically significant ,
historically significant
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees
welcomed
tens
Really dumb but occasionally really funny
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
ingenue
makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
her nomination as best actress even more
as best actress
best actress
Has a solid emotional impact .
Has a solid emotional impact
a solid emotional impact
solid emotional impact
One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
sneaks up on you and
sneaks up on you
stays with you long after you have left the theatre
stays with you
Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
inspirational prep-school professors
they so heartwarmingly motivate
so heartwarmingly motivate
so heartwarmingly
heartwarmingly
motivate
should go for movie theaters
You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
come away from his film overwhelmed ,
his film overwhelmed
hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
illuminated
Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel
Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only
Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating
off the rare trick of recreating
the rare trick of recreating
rare trick
a heroine
Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
Love Liza
modern-day royals
A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .
packed with moments out of an Alice
moments out of an Alice
Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother
Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and
Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller ,
Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ,
as well-written as Sexy Beast
well-written as Sexy Beast
as Sexy Beast
Sexy Beast
gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
stylish and moody
stylish and
exceptionally well-acted
well-acted
the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
the vital comic ingredient
vital comic ingredient
of the hilarious writer-director himself
the hilarious writer-director himself
hilarious writer-director himself
At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
once subtle and visceral
subtle and visceral
, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
a measure of faith in the future
of faith in the future
faith in the future
He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
within the seas of their personalities
a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor
enough of interest onscreen
interest onscreen
seventy-minute running time
It 's sweet ...
It 's sweet
precious at the start
worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies
a place alongside the other Hannibal movies
The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
most alive
Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
, Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
has enough moments to keep it entertaining
enough moments to keep it entertaining
moments to keep it entertaining
keep it entertaining
it entertaining
if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
to rush right out and see it
rush right out and see it
rush right out and
Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
come to Earth
infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
infuses it
infuses
into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale
rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
hilariously , gloriously alive , and
hilariously , gloriously alive ,
hilariously , gloriously alive
hilariously ,
gloriously alive
The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence
Boys '
see it again
a respectable new one
respectable new one
The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood
a wonderfully creepy mood
wonderfully creepy mood
wonderfully creepy
climate
It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable ,
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable
at once laughable and compulsively watchable
A tremendous piece of work .
A tremendous piece of work
A tremendous piece
tremendous piece
tremendous
What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
holds up
clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense
a reasonable degree of suspense
a reasonable degree
reasonable
Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
Better effects ,
better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
hilarious Kenneth Branagh
Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
freedom to feel contradictory things
by the shadowy lighting
the shadowy lighting
Super
enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
merit its 103-minute length
What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
What John does is heroic ,
What John does is heroic
is heroic
heroic
illustrates
A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
A graceful , moving tribute
graceful , moving tribute
graceful , moving
, moving
to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
the courage
of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
New York 's finest and
New York 's finest
a nicely understated expression of the grief
a nicely understated expression
nicely understated expression
shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
shared by the nation
She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain ,
She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain
She is a lioness ,
She is a lioness
It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and ,
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews
win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews
win a wide summer audience
a wide summer audience
summer audience
not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
, to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
find a place among the studio 's animated classics
among the studio 's animated classics
Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .
adorable
-LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .
, there 's something vital about the movie .
there 's something vital about the movie .
's something vital about the movie .
's something vital about the movie
something vital about the movie
something vital
it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
's an opera movie for the buffs .
's an opera movie for the buffs
an opera movie for the buffs
Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
'' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
its costars , Spader
is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
beautifully shot , but
beautifully shot ,
beautifully shot
Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
Sheds light
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before
makes you care about music you may not have heard before
music you may not have heard before
heard before
high-concept scenario
is a former film editor
, interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .
Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences
Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences
will prove absorbing to American audiences
prove absorbing to American audiences
absorbing to American audiences
rancorous curiosity
an easy film
easy film
sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time
sufficient
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast
A potentially good comic premise and
A potentially good comic premise
potentially good comic premise
potentially good
excellent cast
recommend Big Bad Love only
recommend Big Bad Love
to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
1995 's Forget Paris
You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises
for that sense of openness , the little surprises
that sense of openness , the little surprises
openness , the little surprises
fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
, with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used
its celeb-strewn backdrop well used
well used
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
, memories and one fantastic visual trope
memories and one fantastic visual trope
one fantastic visual trope
fantastic visual trope
baked
This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
paints a grand picture of an era and
paints a grand picture of an era
a grand picture of an era
a grand picture
grand picture
makes the journey feel like a party
the journey feel like a party
like a party
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying ,
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying
stylish but steady , and
stylish but steady ,
stylish but steady
ultimately very satisfying
of character-driven storytelling
character-driven storytelling
equal laughs
-LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB-
sword-and-sorcery plot
big round eyes and
The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and
Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it ,
Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it
will undoubtedly enjoy it
enjoy it
on it
of one of the best films
one of the best films
of the best films
Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
Mordantly funny and intimately knowing
Mordantly funny and
Mordantly funny
disturbing , yet compelling to watch
disturbing , yet compelling
, yet compelling
Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
, Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
is tuned in to its community .
is tuned in to its community
like .
looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact
at childhood
captures them by freeing them from artefact
freeing
The three leads produce adequate performances , but
The three leads produce adequate performances ,
produce adequate performances
its plot twists
, Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
is a strong , character-oriented piece .
is a strong , character-oriented piece
a strong , character-oriented piece
strong , character-oriented piece
, character-oriented piece
character-oriented piece
character-oriented
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg
most breezy movie Steven Spielberg
most breezy movie
breezy movie
even the bull gets recycled .
Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
giant spider invasion comic chiller
spider invasion comic chiller
comic chiller
It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
It 's a ripper of a yarn and
It 's a ripper of a yarn
I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
enjoyed the thrill of the chill
the thrill of the chill
the thrill
The script is smart , not cloying .
is smart , not cloying .
smart , not cloying
the picture 's cleverness
very people
intended to make it shine
to make it shine
make it shine
it shine
-LRB- than Leon -RRB-
an after school special
a simplistic narrative and
pat , fairy-tale conclusion
fairy-tale conclusion
A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
A story about intelligent high school
about intelligent high school
intelligent high school
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously
students that deals with first love sweetly
that deals with first love sweetly
deals with first love sweetly
with first love sweetly
first love sweetly
love sweetly
Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
Assured , vital and well wrought
Assured , vital and
Assured , vital
well wrought
, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
the most accomplished work
most accomplished work
accomplished work
versatile Stanley Kwan
most opaque ,
Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
mind-bending
see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music
The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
's a minor treat
a minor treat
'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but
'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half ,
laugh for not quite and hour and a half
I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial
imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial
becoming a Christmas perennial
a Christmas perennial
Christmas perennial
That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
Sex and Lucia is so alluring
Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
seem heroic deserves a look .
seem heroic deserves a look
heroic deserves a look
deserves a look
reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
reflect
a woman 's point-of-view
very humble
humble
the most fragmented charms
found in almost all of his previous works
strokes the eyeballs
eyeballs
crypt
one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and
one big laugh ,
one big laugh
big laugh
Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
Affable if not timeless
, Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
raises some worthwhile themes
some worthwhile themes
worthwhile themes
delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
a wholesome fantasy for kids
a wholesome fantasy
wholesome fantasy
the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
as a conversation starter
a conversation starter
conversation starter
shrill , simple and soapy .
, simple and soapy
simple and soapy
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind
A wild comedy
wild comedy
The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and
old-fashioned , occasionally charming
Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama ,
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama
cinematic intoxication
a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama
a wildly inventive mixture
wildly inventive mixture
wildly inventive
comedy and melodrama
swooning elegance
elegance
if that 's not too glorified a term
glorified
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ,
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
is nicely
112-minute
a better short story
promises a new kind of high
a new kind of high
new kind
even as they are being framed in conversation --
expected flair
Hong Kong master John Woo
the war movie compendium
across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
An undeniably moving film to experience , and
An undeniably moving film to experience ,
An undeniably moving film to experience
An undeniably moving film
undeniably moving film
undeniably moving
ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
's what makes it worth a recommendation
what makes it worth a recommendation
makes it worth a recommendation
worth a recommendation
a recommendation
Frank Capra played this story straight .
played this story straight
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller
as an intense political and psychological thriller
an intense political and psychological thriller
intense political and psychological thriller
political and psychological thriller
reworks
made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but
made The Full Monty a smashing success ...
made The Full Monty a smashing success
a smashing success
smashing success
to add the magic that made it all work
the magic that made it all work
that made it all work
made it all work
Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
overwhelmingly positive portrayal
overwhelmingly
the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
Goodfellas
a half dozen
The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
The big ending surprise
big ending surprise
ending surprise
saves
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but
same sledgehammer appeal
breathes more on the big screen
breathes more
A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
A smart , steamy mix
smart , steamy mix
steamy
of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
road movie , coming-of-age story and
Warm and exotic .
Warm and exotic
Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
has created a brilliant motion picture .
has created a brilliant motion picture
created a brilliant motion picture
a brilliant motion picture
brilliant motion picture
a student film
The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery
The off-center humor is a constant
The off-center humor
the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery
gives it a buoyant delivery
a buoyant delivery
buoyant delivery
Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too
we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
careens from one colorful event to another
from one colorful event to another
one colorful event to another
one colorful event
colorful event
Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness
outright newness
-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
make it an above-average thriller .
make it an above-average thriller
it an above-average thriller
an above-average thriller
above-average thriller
above-average
is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most
a searing album
remembrance
, having survived ,
However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ;
, Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect
Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect
remains perfect
great gift
some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
pandering palaver
is actually funny
is actually
in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes
All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
, so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
a brilliant piece of filmmaking
a brilliant piece
brilliant piece
it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy
funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy
funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB-
-LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB-
sometimes hilarious -RRB-
hilarious -RRB-
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
deft sense
of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
itself , a playful spirit and
itself , a playful spirit
a playful spirit
playful spirit
Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
, Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ,
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
a solid formula for successful animated movies
a solid formula
solid formula
successful animated movies
Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
improves on it ,
improves
with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences
terrific computer graphics ,
terrific computer graphics
inventive action sequences
race splitting
would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
philosophical musings
the film 's action
in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
that is surprisingly enjoyable
is surprisingly enjoyable
surprisingly enjoyable
Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
Some people march to the beat of a different drum
the beat of a different drum
alternative housing options
It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe
It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and
her presence succeeds in making us believe
succeeds in making us believe
sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments
sweeping , dramatic ,
sweeping , dramatic
sweeping ,
somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
make its way past my crappola radar and
find a small place in my heart
Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
is such a sweet and sexy film
a sweet and sexy film
sweet and sexy film
sweet and sexy
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long
a wonderfully warm human drama
wonderfully warm human drama
wonderfully warm
human drama
that remains vividly in memory long
remains vividly in memory long
remains vividly in memory
in memory
really work
A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity
A sharp , amusing study of the cult
A sharp , amusing study
sharp , amusing study
, amusing study
amusing study
This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie ,
This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
This humbling little film ,
humbling little film
fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
the light comedic work
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore .
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
they used to anymore
More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
More than their unique residences
unique residences
, Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
carved their own comfortable niche in the world
their own comfortable niche
comfortable niche
have been kind enough to share it
been kind enough to share it
share it
The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits ,
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
an imaginatively mixed cast
imaginatively mixed cast
imaginatively mixed
imaginatively
headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph
Uncle Ralph
-LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
The Last Metro -RRB-
strategies
Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history
Both the crime story and the love story
the crime story and the love story
it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics ,
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics
sharp comedy ,
sharp comedy
genuine heart
to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* ,
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\*
a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\*
about kicking undead \*\*\*
about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
the rare common-man artist
who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
wise enough
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
few things in this world more complex --
this world more complex
more complex
Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish
builds its multi-character story with a flourish
builds its multi-character story
multi-character story
with a flourish
a flourish
flourish
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ...
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity
a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity
of almost Bergmanesque intensity
Bisset is both convincing and radiant
Bisset
is both convincing and radiant
both convincing and radiant
convincing and radiant
radiant
the upbeat ending
upbeat ending
, this is the one .
this is the one .
is the one
There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut
outstanding feature debut
so potent
-LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors
takes a classic story
a classic story
classic story
casts attractive and talented actors
attractive and talented actors
attractive and talented
attractive and
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
that is wickedly fun to watch
is wickedly fun to watch
is wickedly fun
wickedly fun
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater ,
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood ,
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood
a journey back to your childhood
when cares melted away in the dark theater
films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
mesmerize , astonish and entertain
mesmerize
, astonish and entertain
astonish and entertain
astonish and
astonish
entertain
the name of High Art
of High Art
High Art
from firing on all cylinders
firing on all cylinders
on all cylinders
are usually
Just entertaining
enough not to hate
to love .
prescribed
than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
recommended --
Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze
Takes a fresh and absorbing look
a fresh and absorbing look
fresh and absorbing look
fresh and absorbing
whose legacy had begun to bronze
bronze
The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation
a pretty good overall picture of the situation
a pretty good overall picture
pretty good overall picture
of Matthew Shepard
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions ,
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions
THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions
taps into some powerful emotions
some powerful emotions
powerful emotions
effective on stage
alternate sexuality
set you free
can start looking good
start looking good
looking good
For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
search of something different
, Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale
a genuinely bone-chilling tale
genuinely bone-chilling tale
genuinely bone-chilling
bone-chilling
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
A riveting profile
riveting profile
Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .
has done the nearly impossible .
has done the nearly impossible
done the nearly impossible
hand-held camera and documentary feel
, Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .
a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry
Earnest but heavy-handed
Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
, Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller
spooky new thriller
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation
refreshingly smart and newfangled variation
refreshingly smart and newfangled
smart and newfangled
two-way
Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
Heartwarming and
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
as the film breaks your heart
breaks your heart
The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels
is astounding on any number of levels
astounding on any number of levels
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags
terrific special effects and funnier gags
terrific special effects and
terrific special effects
funnier gags
make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series
J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series
marvelous series
May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done
May be more genial than ingenious , but
ingenious
gets the job done
Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
, the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it
the film is a hilarious adventure and
the film is a hilarious adventure
is a hilarious adventure
a hilarious adventure
hilarious adventure
I shamelessly enjoyed it
shamelessly enjoyed it
enjoyed it
Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
taking them
to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ...
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and
surprising highs ,
surprising highs
niches
gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
gorgeous , passionate
, passionate
, and at times uncommonly moving
at times uncommonly moving
times uncommonly moving
uncommonly moving
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ,
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
a well-deserved reputation as one
a well-deserved reputation
well-deserved reputation
well-deserved
of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
the cinema world 's great visual stylists
great visual stylists
stylists
in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances
, every shot enhances the excellent performances
every shot enhances the excellent performances
enhances the excellent performances
the excellent performances
excellent performances
does not have
Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
is tenderly observant of his characters .
is tenderly observant of his characters
tenderly observant of his characters
observant of his characters
teen-pop
Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
stands out
substance and soul
So unique and stubborn and charismatic
So unique and
So unique
it to be better and more successful than it is
be better and more successful
better and
have some fairly pretty pictures
fairly pretty pictures
fairly pretty
enough substance in the story to actually give them life
enough substance
the story to actually give them life
actually give them life
admire the film 's stately nature and
admire the film 's stately nature
Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
Without resorting to camp or parody
, Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
Sirk
has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange
transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange
transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama
into something provocative , rich , and strange
something provocative , rich , and strange
something provocative ,
something provocative
rich , and strange
There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .
's a lot to recommend Read My Lips
a lot to recommend Read My Lips
lot to recommend Read My Lips
recommend Read My Lips
says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head
wacky without clobbering the audience over the head
without clobbering the audience over the head
maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
of urgency and suspense
urgency and suspense
is A. . .
is A. .
A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp
A compassionate ,
A compassionate
compassionate
moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp
moving portrait
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies
is the picture of health with boundless energy
the picture of health with boundless energy
health with boundless energy
with boundless energy
boundless energy
A charming but slight comedy .
A charming but slight comedy
charming but slight comedy
charming but slight
manipulating our collective fear
collective
with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
unequivocally
A hit -
A hit
consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny
consistently amusing but
consistently amusing
outrageous or funny
as imaginative as one might have hoped
imaginative as one might have hoped
is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
is so cool
so cool
reducing our emotional stake
the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
seductively stylish game
seductively stylish
If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
, then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
enjoy The Hot Chick
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but
drop your jaw
it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
it will warm your heart , and
it will warm your heart ,
it will warm your heart
will warm your heart
warm your heart
I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
'm giving it a strong thumbs up
giving it a strong thumbs up
a strong thumbs up
a strong thumbs
Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
a poem to the enduring strengths of women
to the enduring strengths of women
the enduring strengths of women
the enduring strengths
enduring strengths
Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
Thanks to a small star with big heart
to a small star with big heart
a small star with big heart
with big heart
, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
family film sequel
is plenty of fun for all .
is plenty of fun for all
plenty of fun for all
of fun for all
fun for all
What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
What makes the film special
makes the film special
the film special
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
refreshingly unhibited
unhibited
, in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
the impressive stagings of hardware
impressive stagings
make for some robust and scary entertainment .
make for some robust and scary entertainment
for some robust and scary entertainment
some robust and scary entertainment
robust and scary
robust
accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
this in the right frame of mind
the right frame of mind
A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
on The Santa Clause 2
was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
the engaging ,
Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
make up for a derivative plot
Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it
maintains an appealing veneer
an appealing veneer
appealing veneer
As a story of dramatic enlightenment
a story of dramatic enlightenment
of dramatic enlightenment
enlightenment
happened to good actors
to good actors
rooting for the film
of interest
Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
be a straightforward bio
the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
an oddly fascinating depiction
oddly fascinating depiction
oddly fascinating
an architect of pop culture
There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care
There is a real subject here , and
There is a real subject here
it is handled with intelligence and care
is handled with intelligence and care
handled with intelligence and care
with intelligence and care
Sade achieves the near-impossible :
Sade achieves the near-impossible
achieves the near-impossible
Marquis
So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses
acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
, it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
most certainly has a new career ahead of him
has a new career ahead of him
Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
Lovingly
photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
of a Golden Book sprung to life
a Golden Book sprung to life
Golden Book
Golden
sprung to life
, Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
manages sweetness largely without stickiness
manages sweetness
without stickiness
critic-proof
, I 'll buy the soundtrack .
I 'll buy the soundtrack .
'll buy the soundtrack .
buy the soundtrack
A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies
A delightful entree in the tradition
A delightful entree
delightful entree
in the tradition
Spare but quietly effective retelling .
but quietly effective retelling
but quietly effective
a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
sustained intelligence from Stanford
another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
subtle humour
the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia -
York intelligentsia
intelligentsia
still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty
a delightful romantic comedy
delightful romantic comedy
It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .
It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
be the end of the world
the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
the best film
this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
-LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
in his chilling , unnerving film
chilling , unnerving film
It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
seems so real
so real
it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
filter out the complexity
The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
The writing is clever and the cast is appealing
The writing is clever and
The writing is clever
is clever
the cast is appealing
is appealing
Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough ,
is plenty fetching enough
fetching
something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
a half-baked stand-up routine
Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
part of being a good documentarian
of being a good documentarian
being a good documentarian
a good documentarian
good documentarian
documentarian
Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
Poignant if familiar story of a young person
some comic sparks
comic sparks
is that it 's funny .
is that it 's funny
that it 's funny
it 's funny
An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they
An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring
emotionally stirring
Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
have that kind of impact on me these days
that kind of impact on me these days
There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
a spontaneity
to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
that makes it attractive throughout
makes it attractive throughout
it attractive throughout
attractive throughout
A very capable nailbiter .
very capable nailbiter
very capable
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
It 's not just a feel-good movie
's not just a feel-good movie
a feel-good movie
feel-good movie
a feel movie
artfully lighted , earnest inquiries
artfully lighted
artfully
earnest inquiries
the kind of genuine depth
of genuine depth
genuine depth
redeemable
a fireworks
fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
it promised it would be
it would be
Versace
is intriguing
a rich historical subject
rich historical subject
combined with so much first-rate talent
with so much first-rate talent
so much first-rate talent
so much first-rate
much first-rate
something special
a classical actress
classical actress
Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
At once emotional and richly analytical
once emotional and richly analytical
once emotional and richly
the serious weight
do justice
raised to a new , self-deprecating level
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig ,
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig
the courageous Molly Craig
courageous Molly Craig
courageous
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film
star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film
star-power potential
in this remarkable and memorable film
this remarkable and memorable film
remarkable and memorable film
remarkable and memorable
remarkable and
It is also beautifully acted .
is also beautifully acted .
is also beautifully acted
beautifully acted
The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
\* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
introduce video as art
a joyous occasion
joyous occasion
more precious than perspicacious
precious than perspicacious
he script is n't up to the level of the direction
Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
logical
genuine narrative
the spirits of these young women
of these young women
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones ,
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
one very funny joke and
very funny joke
a few other decent ones
decent ones
harrowing journey
vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing
Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing
Holm is terrific as both men and
Holm is terrific as both men
is terrific as both men
terrific as both men
Hjejle quite appealing
quite appealing
to make the most out of the intriguing premise
make the most out of the intriguing premise
of the intriguing premise
the intriguing premise
intriguing premise
That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
That rare documentary that incorporates so much
That rare documentary
rare documentary
incorporates so much
of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
drama , conflict , tears and surprise
drama , conflict ,
that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort
A refreshing change
refreshing change
A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
A compelling motion
compelling motion
picture that illustrates an American tragedy
At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious
disarmingly
straightforward and strikingly devious
strikingly devious
take on the upscale lifestyle
the upscale lifestyle
from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role
his fun friendly demeanor
fun friendly demeanor
friendly demeanor
friendly
television screen
that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?
celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire
nonconformist
The film grows on you .
grows on you .
Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard ,
Allegiance to Chekhov
which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
director Michael Cacoyannis
displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
new adaptation
On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
, the film certainly does n't disappoint .
the film certainly does n't disappoint .
certainly does n't disappoint .
does n't disappoint .
does n't disappoint
Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia ,
prima
donna
all sing beautifully and act adequately .
sing beautifully and act adequately .
sing beautifully and act adequately
sing beautifully and
sing beautifully
adequately
a customarily jovial air
jovial air
jovial
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and
Fessenden continues to do interesting work ,
Fessenden continues to do interesting work
continues to do interesting work
interesting work
it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
see what he could make with a decent budget
what he could make with a decent budget
Elegant , mannered and teasing .
Elegant , mannered and teasing
Elegant ,
mannered
Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
are especially fine .
are especially fine
especially fine
have a story and a script
It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
made watchable by a bravura performance
watchable by a bravura performance
by a bravura performance
a bravura performance
bravura performance
bravura
from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
a consummate actor incapable of being boring
a consummate actor
consummate actor
consummate
incapable of being boring
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
a gleefully grungy
a gleefully
, hilariously wicked black comedy ...
hilariously wicked black comedy ...
hilariously wicked black comedy
wicked black comedy
wicked
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
a fair bit of vampire fun
a fair bit
of vampire fun
vampire fun
Nothing wrong with performances here ,
Nothing wrong with performances here
This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
This kind of hands-on storytelling
hands-on storytelling
is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
good , dry , reliable textbook
reliable textbook
reliable
what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
to rank with its worthy predecessors
rank with its worthy predecessors
its worthy predecessors
worthy predecessors
If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
are your cup of blood
, Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
Blade 2
is definitely a cut above the rest .
is definitely a cut above the rest
a cut above the rest
above the rest
provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
, the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story
updated Dickensian sensibility
is appealing .
You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
to be moved by this drama
be moved by this drama
moved by this drama
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history ,
fascinating they may be as history
may be as history
as history
crude to serve the work especially well
to serve the work especially well
serve the work especially well
especially well
It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
draw people together
The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable
is lovely and lovable
lovely and lovable
lovely and
is easily
fraction
Shows moments of promise but
Shows moments of promise
moments of promise
of promise
It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
die-hard French film connoisseurs
going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
enjoying the big-screen experience
big-screen experience
Enticing and often funny documentary .
Enticing and often funny documentary
Enticing and often
Enticing and
funny documentary
Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
Though its story is only surface deep
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
visuals and enveloping sounds
enveloping sounds
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see
make this surprisingly decent flick
this surprisingly decent flick
surprisingly decent flick
surprisingly decent
worth a summertime look-see
a summertime look-see
Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
, Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious
fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious
fiercely intelligent and
fiercely intelligent
uncommonly ambitious
The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe ,
The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe
The 3-D vistas from orbit
wind chimes
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
breathtaking
, awe-inspiring visual poetry
awe-inspiring visual poetry
awe-inspiring
visual poetry
potentially interesting idea
potentially interesting
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love ,
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut ,
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut
ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut
moving , and adventurous directorial debut
moving , and adventurous
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry
no substitute for on-screen chemistry
for on-screen chemistry
on-screen chemistry
pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia
the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch
is as visceral as a gut punch
is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
fever-pitched melodrama
evolving
is so resolutely
you forget you 've been to the movies .
... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
the gifted Pearce on hand
the gifted Pearce
, this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
effective enough
at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
modest , crowd-pleasing goals
, crowd-pleasing goals
crowd-pleasing goals
crowd-pleasing
goals
Oh , James !
a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
a lush , swooning melodrama
lush , swooning melodrama
swooning melodrama
Intermezzo strain
The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
is phenomenal , especially the women .
is phenomenal , especially the women
phenomenal , especially
phenomenal ,
phenomenal
is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band
a testament to the integrity and vision of the band
to the integrity and vision of the band
the integrity and vision
of the band
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs
of creative belly laughs
creative belly laughs
genuinely enthusiastic performances
genuinely enthusiastic
... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
with enjoyable ease
enjoyable ease
's like an all-star salute
like an all-star salute
an all-star salute
all-star salute
all-star
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and
Gooding is the energetic frontman ,
Gooding is the energetic frontman
is the energetic frontman
the energetic frontman
energetic frontman
it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
's hard to resist his enthusiasm ,
's hard to resist his enthusiasm
hard to resist his enthusiasm
of slapstick sequences
slapstick sequences
most closely
giant Chuck Jones
of weeks
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time ,
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time
's sweet and fluffy at the time
sweet and fluffy
With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
With few respites
, Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
Marshall keeps the energy humming , and
Marshall keeps the energy humming ,
keeps the energy humming
the energy humming
his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
, unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
Moulin Rouge
, are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
crisp and purposeful
crisp and
without overdoing it
there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
a deeper , more direct connection
deeper , more direct connection
between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
one that spans time and reveals meaning
that spans time and reveals meaning
spans time and reveals meaning
reveals meaning
The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich
The most ingenious film
most ingenious film
most ingenious
comedy since Being John Malkovich
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
reach satisfying conclusions
satisfying conclusions
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original
An engrossing portrait
engrossing portrait
uncompromising artists trying to create something original
trying to create something original
to create something original
create something original
something original
A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist
A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search
A smart and funny
smart and funny
-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make
-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB-
Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB-
Rusi Vulakoro
the world they love and make
they love and make
us love it , too .
love it , too .
love it , too
love it ,
love it
the Extreme Generation '
have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
, Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
hits home with disorienting force .
hits home with disorienting force
hits home
beauty or humor
really need a remake of `` Charade
Exciting documentary .
Exciting documentary
As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
, Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
hits all the verbal marks it should .
hits all the verbal marks it should
all the verbal marks it should
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get ,
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get
you feel like you owe her big-time
big-time
makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
of two genuinely engaging performers
two genuinely engaging performers
genuinely engaging performers
engaging performers
the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius
poetry , passion , and genius
, passion , and genius
passion , and genius
, and genius
genius
journalistic or historical
If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
entirely memorable
, the movie is certainly easy to watch .
the movie is certainly easy to watch .
is certainly easy to watch .
is certainly easy to watch
easy to watch
of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
are to ourselves and each other
ourselves and
While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
-LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
-RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
ensure that the film is never dull
that the film is never dull
the film is never dull
Rodrigues 's
Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
Beautifully crafted and brutally honest
Beautifully crafted and
Beautifully crafted
brutally honest
, Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people
offers an unexpected window
into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and
the humanity of its people
In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance
Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance
, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer
a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer
a charismatic charmer
charismatic charmer
likely to seduce and conquer
to seduce and conquer
seduce and conquer
seduce and
Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
Marvelously entertaining and deliriously
Marvelously entertaining and
Marvelously entertaining
Marvelously
joyous documentary .
joyous documentary
It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
that satisfies , as comfort food often can
satisfies , as comfort food often can
satisfies ,
satisfies
as comfort food often can
comfort food
five minutes but instead
The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but
The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry ,
affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
intriguing glimpses
the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
a lifetime
spiritual inquiry
The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
chance to find love in the most unlikely place
find love in the most unlikely place
find love
it struck a chord in me
struck a chord in me
in me
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
for people who like their romances to have that French realism
people who like their romances to have that French realism
like their romances to have that French realism
their romances
meal
that the talented cast generally
the talented cast generally
the talented
Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances
Beautifully shot , delicately
scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances
scored and powered
by a set of heartfelt performances
a set of heartfelt performances
of heartfelt performances
heartfelt performances
, it 's a lyrical endeavour .
it 's a lyrical endeavour .
's a lyrical endeavour .
Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
adds enough quirky and satirical touches
enough quirky and satirical touches
quirky and satirical touches
and satirical touches
satirical touches
in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
screenplay to keep the film entertaining
to keep the film entertaining
keep the film entertaining
Something for everyone .
Something for everyone
A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
A fine , rousing , G-rated family film ,
A fine , rousing , G-rated family film
A fine ,
rousing , G-rated family film
rousing ,
rousing
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value
at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value
with plenty of entertainment value
plenty of entertainment value
to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
squirming in their seats
their seats
Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
, the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
the allegory with remarkable skill
with remarkable skill
remarkable skill
Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
huge-screen
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
educates viewers with words and pictures
educates viewers
educates
words and
Thoroughly engrossing and
Thoroughly engrossing
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
a spoof comedy
that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure ,
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle
laughs --
sometimes a chuckle
a chuckle
chuckle
, to my great pleasure ,
to my great pleasure ,
to my great pleasure
my great pleasure
great pleasure
the occasional belly laugh
occasional belly laugh
belly laugh
all the complexity and
realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects ,
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects
is clever and funny ,
is clever and funny
clever and funny
is amused by its special effects
amused by its special effects
you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
A small gem from Belgium .
A small gem from Belgium
Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm ,
Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm
has a good line in charm
a good line in charm
a good line
good line
in charm
has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
has never been more charming than in About a Boy
been more charming than in About a Boy
more charming than in About a Boy
charming than in About a Boy
Ballistic :
car chase
For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
on the cinematic front
, look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
look no further
this 20th anniversary edition of the film
20th anniversary edition
, retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
, his most personal work yet .
his most personal work yet .
his most personal
most personal
nimble shoulders
with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
If I stay positive
I stay positive
stay positive
, maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
my greatest pictures ,
my greatest pictures
greatest pictures
Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
a Native American
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
flashes of warmth and gentle humor
of warmth and gentle humor
warmth and gentle humor
warmth and gentle
The bland outweighs the nifty
the nifty
becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
the clever crime comedy
clever crime comedy
While Hoffman 's performance is great
Hoffman 's performance is great
is great
real-life persona
Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
has a real filmmaker 's eye .
has a real filmmaker 's eye
a real filmmaker 's eye
real filmmaker 's
An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
incredibly thoughtful
deeply meditative picture
deeply meditative
that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
neatly and effectively
captures the debilitating grief
in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
the immediate aftermath
A jaw-droppingly beautiful work
jaw-droppingly beautiful work
beautiful work
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
more than satisfactory
to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
a suspenseful horror movie
suspenseful horror movie
There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
with a bright future ahead of him
a bright future ahead of him
a bright future
bright future
bright
movie version
An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
accomplished and richly resonant work .
accomplished and richly resonant work
accomplished and
richly resonant work
This is a movie you can trust .
is a movie you can trust .
is a movie you can trust
a movie you can trust
can trust
Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
score points for political correctness
it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
its effectiveness
` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
, tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
, political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
what a film can be
give a second look if we passed them on the street
give a second look
is a very silly movie
the silliness has a pedigree
the silliness
For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
The Lady and the Duke surprisingly
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
still has a sense of his audience
has a sense of his audience
The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .
make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated
Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated
look sophisticated
Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich :
a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich
like a well-made PB & J sandwich
a well-made PB & J sandwich
well-made PB & J sandwich
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
quite tasty and inviting all the same
quite tasty and
quite tasty
inviting all the same
Bravado Kathy !
About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year
one of the finest films of the year
of the finest films of the year
the finest films of the year
the finest films
finest films
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study
powerful , chilling , and affecting study
chilling , and affecting study
chilling , and affecting
There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
is no denying the power of Polanski 's film
no denying the power of Polanski 's film
the power of Polanski 's film
expresses empathy
human emotion
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality
striking , quietly vulnerable personality
quietly vulnerable
It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie
a very tasteful rock and roll movie
a very tasteful rock and
very tasteful rock
very tasteful
Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks
Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes
Tsai 's usual style and themes
, it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films
a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films
a more colorful , more playful tone
more colorful , more playful tone
more colorful
, more playful tone
more playful tone
more playful
It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience
a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience
family audience
organic intrigue
organic
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally ,
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally
serves up all of that stuff
Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies
enjoys
quirky , fun , popcorn movies
, fun , popcorn movies
fun , popcorn movies
silliness and
fearless purity
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel
Chelsea Hotel
may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations
artistic aspirations
coordinated his own DV poetry
coordinated
the Beat he hears in his soul
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
editorial process
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
are all more than competent
more than competent
competent
A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will
A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment
bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment
bold
-LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment
-LRB- and lovely -RRB-
-LRB- and lovely
their own brightly colored dreams
own brightly colored dreams
brightly colored dreams
class reunion mixer
nothing to drink
Not a bad premise
modernized for the extreme sports generation
modernized
for Happiness
is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .
is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
an elegiac portrait
elegiac portrait
are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
A Song
For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
infinitely more wrenching
a good idea
good idea
In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
, Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
that rare creature --
an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
an action hero with table manners ,
an action hero with table manners
with table manners
one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
The funny thing
funny thing
is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit
The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
The charm of Revolution OS
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
fanciful thinkers
-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it ,
A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy
surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy
surprisingly sweet and gentle
sweet and gentle
kids will probably eat the whole thing up
eat the whole thing up
Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
is so earnest in its yearning for the days
it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
more spirit and bite
It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
that 's actually sort of amazing
's actually sort of amazing
sort of amazing
It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
, kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
spy flick worthy
flick worthy
a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
a couple hours of summertime
A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
A sensitive , cultivated treatment
sensitive , cultivated treatment
cultivated
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one
work as well as a remarkably faithful one
a remarkably faithful one
remarkably faithful one
A stylish thriller .
stylish thriller .
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste
on sophisticated , discerning taste
sophisticated , discerning taste
, discerning taste
discerning taste
, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
seem like the proper cup of tea
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
even the stuffiest cinema goers
will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
laugh their \*\*\* off
As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
As refreshing
from a woodland stream
music fans
Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
its characters and its audience
Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
a low-key , organic way
that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
you to accept it as life and go with its flow
accept it as life and go with its flow
many before his
snappy
A perfectly competent and often imaginative film
perfectly competent and often imaginative film
perfectly competent and often imaginative
perfectly competent and
perfectly competent
often imaginative
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile
The one-liners are snappy
the comic opportunities richly rewarded
richly rewarded
This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool
This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of :
This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man ,
would be envious of
The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
The charm of the first movie is still there , and
The charm of the first movie is still there ,
The charm of the first movie is still there
The charm of the first movie
the first movie
the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
logical , unforced continuation
unforced continuation
about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards
dispense the same advice to film directors
co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard
in clarity
, it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
makes up for with a great , fiery passion
for with a great , fiery passion
with a great , fiery passion
a great , fiery passion
great , fiery passion
, fiery passion
fiery passion
fiery
Pokemon 4Ever
Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
underestimated charm
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal
delivers more goodies
more goodies
goodies
The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
is the drama within the drama
the spotlight
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real '
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny ,
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny
I thought the relationships were wonderful ,
thought the relationships were wonderful
the relationships were wonderful
were wonderful
the comedy was funny
was funny
There are moments of hilarity to be had .
are moments of hilarity to be had .
are moments of hilarity to be had
moments of hilarity to be had
moments of hilarity
In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers
nobody here bothered to check it twice .
Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
many can aspire but none can equal
none can equal
The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
The most wondrous love story in years
The most wondrous love story
most wondrous love story
wondrous love story
, it is a great film .
it is a great film .
is a great film .
is a great film
really busts out of its comfy little cell
busts out of its comfy little cell
comfy
Randall Wallace
Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
, Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
's updating works surprisingly well .
's updating works surprisingly well
updating works surprisingly well
surprisingly well
would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo
A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .
A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny ,
A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny
A culture-clash comedy
culture-clash comedy
in addition to being very funny
addition to being very funny
to being very funny
being very funny
if it is generally amusing from time to time
it is generally amusing from time to time
is generally amusing from time to time
is generally amusing from time
generally amusing from time
amusing from time
that might have made No Such Thing
a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
ironic cultural satire
cultural satire
Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you
Colorful and deceptively buoyant
deceptively buoyant
suddenly pulls the rug out from under you
pulls the rug out from under you
, Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
is also a pointed political allegory
a pointed political allegory
Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
one of the best ensemble casts of the year
of the best ensemble casts of the year
the best ensemble casts of the year
the best ensemble casts
best ensemble casts
Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
Lee 's achievement
extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
extends to his supple understanding of the role
to his supple understanding of the role
his supple understanding of the role
that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
an athlete , a movie star , and
an athlete , a movie star ,
an athlete , a movie star
an athlete
a movie star
This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
profits
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
a predictably efficient piece
predictably efficient piece
predictably efficient
notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness
for an eagerness
It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
telegraphed well
respectably
A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
A bracing
unblinking work
that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
sobering cautionary tale
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and
Pacino is the best he 's been in years
is the best he 's been in years
the best he 's been in years
Keener is marvelous
is marvelous
diverges from anything
probing or penetrating
His work with actors is particularly impressive .
is particularly impressive .
is particularly impressive
particularly impressive
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ,
atmospheric weirdness
moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
yet I found it weirdly appealing
I found it weirdly appealing
found it weirdly appealing
it weirdly appealing
weirdly appealing
kept much of the plot
that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
a moving experience
moving experience
Oh , and more entertaining , too .
and more entertaining , too .
and more entertaining , too
more entertaining , too
more entertaining ,
be called animation
two dimension tale
I saw this one
This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation
making a statement
dreams and aspirations
carry forward into the next generation
the next generation
of dramatic fireworks
Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
Handsome and
approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
approach to the workplace romantic comedy
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama
moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama
moving and solidly entertaining
that should bolster director and co-writer
should bolster director and co-writer
bolster director and co-writer
a major work
obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry
ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves --
should be themselves
Michel
A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin
A high-spirited buddy movie
high-spirited buddy movie
high-spirited
the reunion
Berlin
anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime
self-promotion ends and
filmmakers and performers of this calibre
a glimmer of intelligence or invention
a glimmer
of intelligence or invention
intelligence or invention
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ;
's rare
can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
be as intelligent
as intelligent
everything that 's good
that 's good
Peralta 's
informed , adult hindsight
All comedy is subversive ,
All comedy
on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
for finding meaning in relationships or work
meaning in relationships or work
artistically
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience -
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience
be an astronaut
, this is the ultimate movie experience
this is the ultimate movie experience
is the ultimate movie experience
the ultimate movie experience
ultimate movie experience
it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
informative and breathtakingly spectacular
informative and
breathtakingly spectacular
The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
The movie 's captivating details
captivating details
are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster
Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster
smoothly sinister Freddie
given a pedestrian spin
a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
the flamboyant , the outrageous
Smart and taut .
Smart and taut
Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
play out realistically if not always fairly .
play out realistically if not always fairly
always fairly
Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
Giggling
is part of the fun
part of the fun
keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
the apparent skills
of its actors
Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
, Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
a celebration
of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
a tribute to the power of women to heal
to the power of women to heal
It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film
portray themselves
an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point
a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point
a surprising , subtle turn
surprising , subtle turn
surprising , subtle
midway point
Cusack 's just brilliant in this .
's just brilliant in this .
's just brilliant in this
just brilliant in this
brilliant in this
a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
Even the digressions are funny .
are funny .
This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot
the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot
to be favorably compared to Das Boot
favorably compared to Das Boot
favorably
What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
silly , outrageous , ingenious
, outrageous , ingenious
outrageous , ingenious
, ingenious
is the director 's talent .
is the director 's talent
the director 's talent
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ...
portrays their cartoon counterparts well
Scoob
There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
take it seriously
take it
shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
strongly present some profound social commentary
present some profound social commentary
some profound social commentary
profound social commentary
As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit
a good old-fashioned adventure
good old-fashioned adventure
old-fashioned adventure
for kids , Spirit
kids , Spirit
: Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
is a winner .
is a winner
a winner
you 're an Elvis person
to get excited about on this DVD
get excited about on this DVD
excited about on this DVD
this DVD
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick ,
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
A journey
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history
of bittersweet camaraderie and history
bittersweet camaraderie and history
camaraderie
we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
the spirit
of the previous two
The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
The work of an artist
tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims
using his storytelling ability
storytelling ability
to honor the many faceless victims
honor the many faceless victims
an MTV , sugar hysteria
cocktail
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy
The gorgeously elaborate continuation
gorgeously elaborate continuation
elaborate continuation
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision
expanded vision
It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing
laugh-out-loud funny
is frequently amusing
Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
dressed up this little parable
in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
a fairly irresistible package
fairly irresistible package
irresistible package
irresistible
full of privileged moments and memorable performances
of privileged moments and memorable performances
privileged moments and memorable performances
privileged moments and
memorable performances
As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
-- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
-- and at times , All
My Loved Ones
Loved Ones
the tale commands attention .
commands attention .
commands attention
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 ,
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages
inspire
anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
some savvy street activism
savvy street activism
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film ,
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film
seen or heard anything quite like this film
like this film
I recommend it for its originality alone
recommend it for its originality alone
recommend it for its originality
for its originality
its originality
It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
about which you can actually feel good
you can actually feel good
can actually feel good
One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
of the best inside-show-biz
the best inside-show-biz
best inside-show-biz
yarns ever
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but
enjoys the Friday series
be interested in knowing any of them personally
faster and deeper
any recreational drug
recreational drug
'' worth
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet
lighter
was as graceful
as graceful
has been properly digested .
has been properly digested
been properly digested
properly digested
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election ,
charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election
charming in comedies like American Pie and
charming in comedies like American Pie
dead-on in Election
dead-on
action hero performances
hero performances
makes its point too well
makes its point
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
like life
much fun
the highs and lows
a thirteen-year-old 's book report
anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
see the it
the jokes ,
strolls
grin
mannerisms and self-indulgence
of his sweetness and vulnerability
his sweetness and vulnerability
sweetness and vulnerability
sweetness and
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ...
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
a fantastic dual performance
fantastic dual performance
the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
is funny , insightfully human and
is funny , insightfully human
funny , insightfully human
, insightfully human
insightfully
a delightful lark for history buffs
a delightful lark
for history buffs
While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
entirely successful
, it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
manages to string together enough charming moments to work
to string together enough charming moments to work
string together enough charming moments to work
string together enough charming moments
enough charming moments
all its effective moments
This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out ,
is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out
an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out
an exercise in chilling style ,
an exercise in chilling style
in chilling style
chilling style
with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
preserving a sense of mystery
preserving
a sense of mystery
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss :
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss
A sobering and powerful documentary
sobering and powerful documentary
and powerful documentary
powerful documentary
Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
with beautiful , half-naked women
Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
Enjoyably fast-moving
fast-moving
, hard-hitting documentary .
hard-hitting documentary .
hard-hitting documentary
hard-hitting
'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes
'm happy to have seen it --
'm happy to have seen it
happy to have seen it
the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes
especially realistic
, it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
is an engaging nostalgia piece .
is an engaging nostalgia piece
an engaging nostalgia piece
engaging nostalgia piece
potentially enticing ingredients
potentially enticing
I loved this film .
loved this film .
loved this film
Broomfield has compelling new material
has compelling new material
compelling new material
he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
windshield
of his rental car
his rental car
Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
an engaging fantasy
engaging fantasy
flavours and emotions
flavours
one part romance novel ,
is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
-LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal
to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal
closer in quality
so many explosions
Janey
echoes
finery
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
the most original fantasy film ever made
the most original fantasy film
most original fantasy film
original fantasy film
beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
Aliens and
barely makes it any less entertaining
While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
's awfully entertaining to watch .
's awfully entertaining to watch
's awfully entertaining
awfully entertaining
eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups ,
Pleasant but not
Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
-- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
-- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year --
Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year --
Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year
will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year
will likely
be nominated for an Oscar next year
nominated for an Oscar next year
nominated for an Oscar
an Oscar
something impressive and yet lacking about everything
impressive and
By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .
modest , straight-ahead standards
straight-ahead
, Undisputed scores a direct hit .
Undisputed scores a direct hit .
Undisputed
scores a direct hit .
scores a direct hit
a direct hit
direct hit
The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
The most compelling performance of the year
The most compelling performance
most compelling performance
most compelling
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
adds substantial depth
substantial depth
which was shot two years ago
freshman
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like
will find things to like
things to like
to like
extensive post-production
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
first full flush
I liked it just enough .
liked it just enough .
liked it just enough
Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
The only entertainment
A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
that sends you out of the theater feeling
of the theater feeling
theater feeling
like you 've actually spent time living in another community
you 've actually spent time living in another community
a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they
It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ;
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ;
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ;
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain
a dashing and resourceful hero ;
a dashing and resourceful hero
dashing and resourceful hero
dashing
and resourceful hero
resourceful hero
resourceful
lavish period scenery
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
bask in your own cleverness
your own cleverness
to adopt as a generational signpost
a generational signpost
generational signpost
one moment in the film that surprises or delights
in the film that surprises or delights
the film that surprises or delights
that surprises or delights
surprises or delights
What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
What a great way to spend 4 units of your day
a great way to spend 4 units of your day
a great way
great way
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
very funny , very enjoyable ...
, very enjoyable ...
very enjoyable ...
enjoyable ...
Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
, the stories are quietly moving .
the stories are quietly moving .
are quietly moving
think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
will prefer this new version
prefer this new version
Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's
enlightened by any of Derrida 's
enlightened
, '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
'' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
undeniably fascinating and playful
fascinating and playful
fascinating and
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place
This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...
This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
This amiable picture
amiable picture
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
's as sweet as Greenfingers
sweet as Greenfingers
Hollywood romance
a new scene
The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
ultimately satisfies with its moving story
satisfies with its moving story
with its moving story
its moving story
moving story
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance
understands the grandness of romance
the grandness of romance
the grandness
grandness
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
great equalizer
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
bring out joys in our lives
joys in our lives
Jack O '
its apparent glee
glee
A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you
that will thrill you , touch you and make you
will thrill you , touch you and make you
thrill you , touch you and make you
thrill you , touch you and
thrill you , touch you
thrill you ,
thrill you
laugh as well .
George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
a tale full of nuance and character dimension
full of nuance and character dimension
Lina
Bo Derek
Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
attuned
is also a creative urge
a creative urge
creative urge
, will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating
find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating
find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology
iconoclastic uses
to be liberating
be liberating
Norton is magnetic as Graham .
is magnetic as Graham
magnetic as Graham
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
technically proficient and
technically proficient
Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner
stays close to the ground
does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music
Just because A Walk to Remember
Walk to Remember
mean it 's good enough for our girls
it 's good enough for our girls
good enough
He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
improved upon the first and
improved upon the first
taken it a step further , richer and deeper
it a step further , richer and deeper
a step further , richer and deeper
a step further , richer and
a step further , richer
a step further ,
While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures
this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures
gentle and affecting melodrama
gentle and affecting
slight and introspective
the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence
infinitely more grace and eloquence
grace and eloquence
eloquence
a Kiss
In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
, we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
usual tear
is nothing short of refreshing
nothing short of refreshing
where exciting
past your head
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding
yet it 's potentially just as rewarding
it 's potentially just as rewarding
's potentially just as rewarding
potentially just as rewarding
just as rewarding
as rewarding
A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
felt fantasy of a director 's travel
fantasy of a director 's travel
The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
The genius of the work
The genius
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
speaks volumes ,
speaks volumes
a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
a hallucinatory dreamscape
frustrates and captivates
captivates
Adroit but finally
Adroit
old Monty Python cartoons
Python
in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together
well intentioned
Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching
Sensual ,
funny and , in the end , very touching
funny and , in the end ,
very touching
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message :
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
, it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film
very entertaining , thought-provoking film
very entertaining
, thought-provoking film
thought-provoking film
a simple message
simple message
Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
No. 1
is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
is solid , satisfying fare for adults
solid , satisfying fare for adults
solid , satisfying fare
solid , satisfying
, satisfying
As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
their place in the world
, Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
digs into their very minds
very minds
flawed humanity
Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
Lovely and Amazing
is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is
deep , uncompromising
knows , and very likely is
knows , and very likely
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films
is one of the year 's best films
one of the year 's best films
of the year 's best films
the year 's best films
Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
of his most daring , and complicated , performances
his most daring , and complicated , performances
most daring , and complicated , performances
most daring , and complicated
most daring , and
most daring ,
most daring
A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .
A metaphor for a modern-day urban China
Enigma is well-made ,
Enigma is well-made
is well-made
It 's that good .
's that good .
's that good
that good
Well-meant
If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .
you like peace
like peace
, you 'll like Promises .
you 'll like Promises .
`` hi ''
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow
an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow
an impressive roster of stars and direction
an impressive roster
impressive roster
as a comedy
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense --
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
great material
for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
in the best Irish sense
the best Irish sense
best Irish sense
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
go where the moment takes them
Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
and it 's what makes their project so interesting
it 's what makes their project so interesting
's what makes their project so interesting
what makes their project so interesting
makes their project so interesting
their project so interesting
so interesting
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
interesting matters of identity and heritage
interesting matters
that it was intended to be a different kind of film
be a different kind of film
Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air
to be a breath of fresh air
be a breath of fresh air
a breath of fresh air
of fresh air
Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
Captivates and shows
Captivates and
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
a skillful filmmaker
skillful filmmaker
can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
impart a message
without bludgeoning the audience over the head
It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
guarantee
to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
leaving the theater with a smile on your face
with a smile on your face
Damon and
Greenlight
the miniseries
It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones
a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones
Caton-Jones
that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
` Red Shoe Diaries
Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
will find it more than capable of rewarding them
find it more than capable of rewarding them
more than capable of rewarding them
more than capable
Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
Besson 's high-profile name
high-profile name
being Wasabi 's big selling point
big selling point
, there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
a huge amount of the credit for the film
's thoroughly winning tone
winning tone
A chilling movie without oppressive gore .
A chilling movie without oppressive
A chilling movie
chilling movie
without oppressive
seem sure of where it should go
Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
since Ghostbusters
has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way
in such a gloriously goofy way
such a gloriously goofy way
a gloriously goofy way
gloriously goofy way
goofy way
It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade
still committed to growth in his ninth decade
committed to growth in his ninth decade
growth
his ninth decade
while remaining true to his principles
true to his principles
is , quite pointedly ,
peril
comedic writing
Even better than the first one !
Even better than the first one
As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
immaculate
a lot better
it were , well , more adventurous
more adventurous
She may not be real , but the laughs are .
She may not be real , but the laughs are
unleashes
sinister inspiration
fuelled DeVito 's early work
early work
to be interesting
As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
As giddy and whimsical and relevant today
giddy and whimsical and relevant today
whimsical and relevant today
relevant today
There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way
's a sheer unbridled delight in the way
a sheer unbridled delight in the way
a sheer unbridled delight
sheer unbridled delight
unbridled delight
one of those movies
despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
despite downplaying her good looks
her good looks
good looks
she-cute
troubled and determined homicide cop
A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy
engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy
engaging , surprisingly
engaging ,
touching British comedy
British comedy
In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
allegedly inspiring and easily marketable
allegedly inspiring and
easily marketable
The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
The film has a terrific look and
The film has a terrific look
has a terrific look
a terrific look
terrific look
Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
for the character at all stages of her life
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
eerily suspenseful
, deeply absorbing piece
deeply absorbing piece
deeply absorbing
that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
a treatise on spirituality as well as
a treatise on spirituality
a solid sci-fi thriller
solid sci-fi thriller
sci-fi thriller
Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
awakens
This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry
of important developments of the computer industry
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
8 Crazy Nights
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to ,
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to
an uppity musical beat that you can dance to
an uppity musical
beat that you can dance to
that you can dance to
you can dance to
to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
the wit , humor and snappy dialogue
wit , humor and snappy dialogue
, humor and snappy dialogue
humor and snappy dialogue
and snappy dialogue
snappy dialogue
Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
Better still
, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
does all of this , and more
all of this , and more
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics
one of the most savagely hilarious social critics
most savagely hilarious social critics
most savagely hilarious
savagely hilarious
remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
First World
far from being yesterday 's news
Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
enjoy yourselves
, but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance
Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and
crafted a deceptively casual ode
a deceptively casual ode
managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
convey a tiny sense of hope
a tiny sense of hope
seems endless
This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
an elegantly balanced movie
elegantly balanced movie
-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do
every member
member
the ensemble has something fascinating to do
has something fascinating to do
has something fascinating
something fascinating
too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
too goodly , wise and knowing
too goodly ,
wise and knowing
An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race
An enjoyable feel-good family comedy
enjoyable feel-good family comedy
feel-good family comedy
family comedy
regardless of race
only thing missing
An impeccable study in perversity .
An impeccable study
impeccable study
Open-ended and composed
layer upon layer
, Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations
a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations
a cinephile 's feast ,
feast
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but
it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy ,
's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy
it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
's worth it ,
's worth it
Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
conquers
earthy
a rush
, flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
back-stabbing babes
show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
always for the better
for the better
, sadism and seeing people
is a rich stew of longing .
is a rich stew of longing
a rich stew of longing
a rich stew
rich stew
sense-of-humour
On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
this gender-bending comedy
gender-bending comedy
is generally quite funny .
is generally quite funny
quite funny
seeking an existent anti-virus
as I Know What You Did Last Winter
Surprisingly insightful
Its premise is smart , but
Its premise is smart ,
Its premise is smart
is smart
While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
colors the picture in some evocative shades .
colors the picture in some evocative shades
the picture in some evocative shades
in some evocative shades
evocative shades
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility
slick and
some visual wit
I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
absorbing ,
for its elegantly colorful look and sound
its elegantly colorful look and sound
its elegantly colorful look and
its elegantly colorful look
elegantly colorful look
colorful look
Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics ,
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics
succeeds primarily
delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
stylized sequences
that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh
Satisfyingly scarifying ,
Satisfyingly scarifying
inspire a trip to the video store --
a trip
a better movie experience
better movie experience
so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .
serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
the antidote
to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
XXX flex-a-thon
feeling this movie
very handsomely produced
handsomely produced
super - violent , super-serious
super -
o matter how much good will the actors generate
of four fine
Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
delivering a dramatic slap
in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
's simultaneously painful and refreshing
painful and refreshing
At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
, Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
leave you wanting more ,
leave you wanting more
not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
leaving you with some laughs and a smile
with some laughs and a smile
some laughs and a smile
some laughs and
some laughs
Eckstraordinarily
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch ,
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
fan to appreciate Scratch
that 's the mark of a documentary that works
's the mark of a documentary that works
the mark of a documentary that works
a documentary that works
that works
Gets the look and the period trappings right
the look and the period trappings right
Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
a revealing look at the collaborative process and
a revealing look at the collaborative process
a revealing look
the collaborative process
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile
timely , tongue-in-cheek
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .
A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong
A solid , psychological action film
solid , psychological action film
to do with 94 minutes
A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy
of fun , with an undeniable energy
fun , with an undeniable energy
fun ,
with an undeniable energy
an undeniable energy
undeniable energy
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers
at the peak of their powers
peak
well-acted , but
well-acted ,
an epic rather than
Works as pretty contagious fun .
Works as pretty contagious fun
as pretty contagious fun
pretty contagious fun
Starts out with tremendous promise ,
with tremendous promise
tremendous promise
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise ,
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise
an intriguing and alluring premise
intriguing and alluring premise
intriguing and alluring
Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
with the inescapable conclusion
that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
a sophisticated flower child 's
of the tooth and claw of human power
the tooth and claw of human power
human power
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious ,
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious
is vivacious
vivacious
sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
that powerhouse of 19th-century prose
that powerhouse
powerhouse
her childlike smile
childlike smile
Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere
Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing
is clearly well-meaning and sincere
well-meaning and sincere
well-meaning and
Knows how to make our imagination wonder .
Knows how to make our imagination
our imagination
wonder .
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ;
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
A thunderous ride
thunderous ride
thunderous
at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
first , quiet cadences
of pure finesse
pure finesse
dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action
otherwise respectable action
otherwise respectable
-LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
makes a wonderful subject for the camera
a wonderful subject for the camera
a wonderful subject
wonderful subject
The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
awe and affection -- and
awe and affection --
awe and affection
a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
on a board
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy
has a flair for dialogue comedy
a flair for dialogue comedy
, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise
operates nicely
off the element of surprise
the large cast is solid
is solid
wishing , though ,
lot less time
make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
a credible case for reports
a credible case
credible case
a lot more
romantic urgency
Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
wickedly funny and just plain wicked
wickedly funny and
wickedly funny
dumplings
Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV
has had a successful career in TV
a successful career in TV
a successful career
can handle
distinguish one sci-fi work from another
distinguish one sci-fi work
Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
crack you up
gasp
A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be ,
A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
epic treatment of a nationwide blight
The cast has a high time ,
The cast has a high time
a high time
high time
are decent
completely loveable
loveable
underdog movie since The Bad News Bears
has been
Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor
of authentically impulsive humor
authentically impulsive humor
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
uncommonly sincere
movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
at last
broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
independent film
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance ,
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance
turns in a collectively stellar performance
in a collectively stellar performance
a collectively stellar performance
collectively stellar performance
stellar performance
stellar
the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
tight and truthful ,
tight and truthful
full of funny situations and honest observations
of funny situations and honest observations
funny situations and honest observations
funny situations and
funny situations
honest observations
Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
moves between heartbreak and rebellion
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
the unconditional love she seeks
An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
An entertaining documentary
entertaining documentary
that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
Brave and sweetly rendered love story .
Brave and sweetly
Brave and
Brave
Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least
American blockbusters
Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
Smart and alert
, Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
About One Thing is a small gem .
is a small gem
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time ,
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
exceptional to justify a three hour running time
Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
Worth a look
by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers
for the perspective it offers
, one the public rarely sees .
one the public
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations
Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh
is well established
well established
, what makes the movie fresh
what makes the movie fresh
makes the movie fresh
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin
title performance
As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill
a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill
to savour Binoche 's skill
, the film is well worthwhile .
the film is well worthwhile .
is well worthwhile .
is well worthwhile
well worthwhile
The most memorable moment
most memorable
because it was particularly funny
it was particularly funny
was particularly funny
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film --
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film
value choices
is a worthwhile topic for a film
a worthwhile topic for a film
a worthwhile topic
worthwhile topic
the choices
A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
A powerful , inflammatory film
powerful , inflammatory film
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and
religion that dares to question an ancient faith ,
religion that dares to question an ancient faith
about hatred
easy , comfortable
, comfortable
A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse
A colorful , vibrant introduction
colorful , vibrant introduction
, vibrant introduction
vibrant introduction
universal human impulse
, lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
photographed and beautifully recorded .
photographed and beautifully recorded
photographed and beautifully
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
be part of
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark
in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script
in White 's intermittently wise script
White 's intermittently wise script
intermittently wise
hits its mark
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
it 's smooth and professional
's smooth and professional
smooth and professional
one appreciate Silence of the Lambs
-LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
`` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
Sugar '' admirably
'' admirably
aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
another `` Best Man ''
Best Man ''
by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
weaving a theme throughout this funny film
weaving a theme
throughout this funny film
this funny film
funny film
Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
Astonishingly skillful and moving ...
Astonishingly skillful and moving
skillful and moving
skillful and
it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
become a historically significant work
a historically significant work
historically significant work
as well as a masterfully made one
as a masterfully made one
a masterfully made one
a masterfully
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
that this likable movie is n't more accomplished
this likable movie
likable movie
more accomplished
Earnest movie
engaging charisma
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
A much better documentary
much better documentary
-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising
more revealing , more emotional and
more revealing , more emotional
The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .
most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing
most audacious , outrageous ,
most audacious , outrageous
most audacious ,
psychologically probing
libido film
take a look
what would he say ?
with a cultist 's passion
Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness
vein
run through its otherwise comic narrative .
through its otherwise comic narrative
its otherwise comic narrative
otherwise comic narrative
otherwise comic
in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
in swank apartments , clothes and parties
Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
, this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
the best-sustained ideas
best-sustained
Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
an appealing couple --
an appealing couple
appealing couple
, she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
's appealingly manic and energetic .
's appealingly manic and energetic
appealingly manic and energetic
appealingly
manic and energetic
A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time
A headline-fresh thriller
headline-fresh thriller
Cedar 's
Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
manages not only
to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
compelling dramatic means
compelling dramatic
, it does so without compromising that complexity .
it does so without compromising that complexity .
does so without compromising that complexity .
does so without compromising that complexity
The formula is familiar but enjoyable .
is familiar but enjoyable .
is familiar but enjoyable
familiar but enjoyable
dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors
Sweet and memorable film .
Sweet and memorable film
memorable film
not all that bad of a movie
It deserves to be seen everywhere .
deserves to be seen everywhere .
deserves to be seen everywhere
Her film
An uplifting drama
uplifting drama
, however , is original
however , is original
, is original
is original
And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
the positive change in tone
the positive change
positive change
here seems to have recharged him .
seems to have recharged him .
have recharged him
recharged
Shot like a postcard
otherwise talented
I love the robust middle of this picture .
love the robust middle of this picture .
love the robust middle of this picture
the robust middle of this picture
Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
of temptation , salvation and good intentions
, salvation and good intentions
salvation and good intentions
salvation
and good intentions
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power
a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power
a thoughtful examination
thoughtful examination
faith , love and power
love and power
As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
As much as I laughed throughout the movie
much as I laughed throughout the movie
as I laughed throughout the movie
I laughed throughout the movie
laughed throughout the movie
, I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
as entertainment
the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity
marveling
these guys ' superhuman capacity
almost every single facet of production
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ,
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
Engages us in constant fits of laughter ,
Engages us in constant fits of laughter
Engages us
Engages
in constant fits of laughter
constant fits of laughter
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
surprised at how much we care about the story
at how much we care about the story
we care about the story
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
up walking out not only satisfied but
not only satisfied
also somewhat touched
somewhat touched
A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .
A great companion piece to other Napoleon films
A great companion piece
great companion piece
The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
There 's plenty to impress about E.T.
's plenty to impress about E.T.
plenty to impress about E.T.
impress about E.T.
impress
This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
forefront
What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
moderately successful but
moderately successful
completely satisfying
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
genteel and unsurprising the execution
genteel and
pull out all the stops
The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .
The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious
Enter the Fist is hilarious
the Fist is hilarious
is hilarious
It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
adding the rich details and
adding the rich details
the rich details
rich details
go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
go-for-broke
acting that heralds something special
that heralds something special
heralds something special
An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
as brave and challenging
brave and challenging
a better movie
better movie
Bailly manages to deliver
manages to deliver
is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
possesses all the good intentions in the world ,
possesses all the good intentions in the world
possesses all the good intentions
the good intentions
Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score
a fine-looking film
fine-looking film
fine-looking
with a bouncy score
bouncy score
bouncy
a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
lively songs for deft punctuation
lively songs
for deft punctuation
deft punctuation
It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive
's fun , wispy ,
's fun , wispy
's fun ,
surprisingly inoffensive
's gone to Manhattan and Hell
messenger
to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor
Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy
bristles with passion and energy
with passion and energy
passion and energy
This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
90-minute postmodern voyage
was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be
was more diverting and thought-provoking
more diverting and thought-provoking
than I 'd expected it to be
of a good movie ye who enter here
a good movie ye who enter here
a good movie ye
as well-characterized
well-characterized
say it was a guilty pleasure
it was a guilty pleasure
was a guilty pleasure
It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm
a testament to the film 's considerable charm
to the film 's considerable charm
the film 's considerable charm
that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
succeeds in entertaining ,
succeeds in entertaining
in entertaining
audacious ambitions
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for
uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor
a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor
sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime
of a raindrop
What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre
others in the genre
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
a greater attention
greater
the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers --
the parents
emotional evolution
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure -
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure
he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
's easy to like and always
's easy to like and
's easy to like
easy to like
leaves us laughing
Thoroughly enjoyable .
Thoroughly enjoyable
-LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
a true talent
true talent
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
drawing wrenching performances
wrenching performances
from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
-LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
tiny acts of kindness
kindness
of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
inspiration and ambition
inspiration and
wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text
romanticization
The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
two central performances
Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife
Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise
amusing juxtapositions
juxtapositions
its passages of sensitive observation
of sensitive observation
B picture , and I mean that as a compliment
I mean that as a compliment
mean that as a compliment
as a compliment
a compliment
compliment
Examines its explosive subject matter
its explosive subject matter
explosive subject matter
explosive
nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
nonjudgmentally
hospitals , courts and welfare centers
and welfare centers
a taut contest
Bacon
A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
A fun family movie
family movie
that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
suitable
for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
a movie that will make you laugh
will make you laugh
make you laugh
you laugh
, cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
's never too late to believe in your dreams .
to believe in your dreams
-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it
-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and
-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ,
-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
-RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing --
utterly convincing
-- and deeply appealing --
-- and deeply appealing
deeply appealing
as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
noble teacher
teacher
who embraces a strict moral code
admire the ensemble players and
admire the ensemble players
to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
special spark
between the characters that made the first film such a delight
the characters that made the first film such a delight
that made the first film such a delight
made the first film such a delight
such a delight
a delight
He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
appreciates the art and
appreciates the art
appreciates
reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
a music scene that transcends culture and race
that transcends culture and race
transcends culture and race
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
unique niche
his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
is a work of outstanding originality
a work of outstanding originality
outstanding originality
This is n't a terrible film by any means , but
This is n't a terrible film by any means ,
is n't a terrible film by any means
being a realized work
a realized work
Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it
-LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
-LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack
to the outstanding soundtrack
the outstanding soundtrack
outstanding soundtrack
, the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels
blazingly alive and admirable on many levels
blazingly alive and admirable
blazingly
alive and admirable
alive and
It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
's the perfect star vehicle for Grant ,
's the perfect star vehicle for Grant
the perfect star vehicle for Grant
the perfect star vehicle
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
acclaimed
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story
may be based on a true and historically significant story
be based on a true and historically significant story
based on a true and historically significant story
on a true and historically significant story
a true and historically significant story
true and historically significant
true and
There is greatness here .
is greatness here .
is greatness here
is greatness
greatness
Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
pretty much delivers on that promise .
delivers on that promise .
delivers on that promise
Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
shenanigans and slapstick
relative modesty
like Arnold Schwarzenegger
a physique to match
TV episodes
Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions
a show forged in still-raw emotions
forged in still-raw emotions
still-raw emotions
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better
the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better
than a more measured or polished production ever could
a more measured or polished production ever could
a more measured or polished production
more measured or polished production
measured or polished
storytelling skills
Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures
remarkable procession
that have reinvigorated the romance genre
have reinvigorated the romance genre
reinvigorated the romance genre
reinvigorated
An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
An ideal
love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
intolerant
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality ,
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven
A gorgeously strange movie ,
A gorgeously strange movie
gorgeously strange movie
is deeply concerned with morality
deeply concerned with morality
with morality
Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
-- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing
unexpectedly giddy viewing
giddy viewing
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
a great , participatory spectator sport . '
a great
spectator
working-class subjects
their lofty perch
lofty
opens today in the New York metropolitan area
New York metropolitan area
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
see a movie
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and
that embraces its old-fashioned themes
embraces its old-fashioned themes
old-fashioned themes
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
the process comes out looking like something wholly original
comes out looking like something wholly original
looking like something wholly original
like something wholly original
something wholly original
Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and
Its metaphors
the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
, almost mystical work
almost mystical work
is -RRB- a fascinating character , and
is -RRB- a fascinating character ,
is -RRB- a fascinating character
a fascinating character
a fascinating
a better vehicle
better vehicle
Silly , loud and goofy
, Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back ,
casts its spooky net
A moving and important film .
A moving and important film
moving and important film
moving and important
wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
be blissfully exhausted
blissfully exhausted
blissfully
how fantastic Reign of Fire looked
fantastic Reign of Fire looked
fantastic Reign of Fire
fantastic Reign
The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
passionate enthusiasms
the visual panache , the comic touch , and
the visual panache , the comic touch ,
the visual panache
the comic touch
comic touch
perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features
And educational !
educational !
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ;
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ;
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments
has wonderfully funny moments
wonderfully funny moments
wonderfully funny
you care about the characters
the action and special effects
are first-rate
to be a wacky , screwball comedy
a wacky , screwball comedy
so many talented people
many talented people
talented people
There 's nothing exactly wrong here
do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
of satisfying entertainment
satisfying entertainment
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ...
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic
an objective documentary
objective documentary
, but it 's great cinematic polemic
but it 's great cinematic polemic
it 's great cinematic polemic
's great cinematic polemic
great cinematic polemic
love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
love Moore or
, you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
admire ...
the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
he 's willing to express his convictions
's willing to express his convictions
I liked this film a lot ...
liked this film a lot ...
liked this film a lot
is a movie that also does it by the numbers
I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .
, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent
for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent
at least a minimal appreciation
, The Hours represents two of those well spent
The Hours represents two of those well spent
represents two of those well spent
two of those well spent
well spent
earthly
this distinguished actor
distinguished actor
distinguished
Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
of family tradition and familial community
, one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
a movie with a bigger , fatter heart
bigger , fatter heart
are a few modest laughs ,
are a few modest laughs
a few modest laughs
modest laughs
certainly no
Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
, Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
is one of the greatest date movies in years .
is one of the greatest date movies in years
one of the greatest date movies in years
of the greatest date movies in years
the greatest date movies in years
the greatest date movies
greatest date movies
It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .
It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ,
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
kind , unapologetic ,
kind , unapologetic
kind ,
sweetheart
Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
leaves a positive impression
a positive impression
positive impression
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
, intelligent , and humanly funny film .
intelligent , and humanly funny film .
intelligent , and humanly funny film
intelligent , and
intelligent ,
humanly funny film
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale --
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
this unique and entertaining twist
unique and entertaining twist
unique and entertaining
wo n't be sorry
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
A fine effort ,
A fine effort
fine effort
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters
an interesting topic ,
an interesting topic
interesting topic
some intriguing characters
Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term
without any of the pretension associated with the term
Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while
Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul
by letting you share her one-room world for a while
letting you share her one-room world for a while
Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way
Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly --
is , as comedy goes ,
comedy goes
and in the best way
in the best way
the best way
best way
a core
You live the mood rather than savour the story .
live the mood
savour the story
the nifty premise
nifty premise
will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
enough interest
its superstar
have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
genuine acting
In the spirit of the season
assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio --
one bright shining star
bright shining star
shining star
wise men
will be following after it
crime drama fare
mildly engaging central romance
month
Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen
deftly captures
the wise-beyond-her-years teen
wise-beyond-her-years teen
wise-beyond-her-years
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
pleasant enough -- and
pleasant enough --
oozing with attractive men
with attractive men
attractive men
in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
a give-me-an-Oscar kind
give-me-an-Oscar
never change .
, Evans is no Hollywood villain
Evans is no Hollywood villain
a nuanced portrait
nuanced portrait
nevertheless works up a few scares .
nevertheless works up a few scares
works up a few scares
works up
What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
recognise
Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time
Definitely worth 95 minutes
Definitely worth
95 minutes
The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play
The ingenuity
that Parker displays in freshening the play
Parker displays in freshening the play
displays in freshening the play
in freshening the play
freshening
is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself
is almost in a class with that of Wilde
almost in a class with that of Wilde
a class with that of Wilde
dominate the story
, the women shine .
the women shine .
A beautiful paean to a time long past .
A beautiful paean to a time long past
A beautiful paean to a time
A beautiful paean
beautiful paean
One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love
One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts --
-LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts
a wry and sometime bitter movie about love
sometime bitter movie about love
Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
a fair share
, `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
`` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be
far funnier
right to be
with a single
And yet , it still works .
yet , it still works .
, it still works .
it still works .
still works .
graduated
A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
A fresh , entertaining comedy that
A fresh , entertaining comedy
fresh , entertaining comedy
, entertaining comedy
entertaining comedy
While some of the camera work is interesting
some of the camera work is interesting
is interesting
to rush to the theatre for this one
rush to the theatre for this one
rush to the theatre
Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
most appealing movies
most appealing
Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
at the back of your neck
long after you leave the theater
in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
meaningful about facing death
have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
story to show us why it 's compelling
to show us why it 's compelling
it 's compelling
's compelling
Greengrass
for intelligibility
Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
those who do
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
found a cult favorite
a cult favorite
cult favorite
favorite
to enjoy for a lifetime
enjoy for a lifetime
-LRB- Reno -RRB- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
manages to incorporate both the horror
the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
the situation in a well-balanced fashion
in a well-balanced fashion
a well-balanced fashion
well-balanced fashion
well-balanced
's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
lots of cute animals and clumsy people
of cute animals and clumsy people
cute animals and
cute animals
Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre
an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre
an unmistakable , easy joie
unmistakable , easy joie
unmistakable , easy
The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses --
-- elegant technology for the masses --
elegant technology for the masses --
elegant technology for the masses
elegant technology
is surprisingly refreshing .
is surprisingly refreshing
surprisingly refreshing
When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
the wildly popular Vin Diesel
wildly popular Vin Diesel
wildly popular
it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed
to big box office bucks all but guaranteed
big box office bucks
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ...
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise ,
holds promise ,
holds promise
Adults , other than the parents ...
the call of the wild
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
, however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
, Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity
with an elegance and maturity
an elegance and maturity
elegance and maturity
elegance and
maturity
that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking
Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation
Scherfig 's light-hearted profile
light-hearted profile
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky
achingly honest and delightfully cheeky
achingly honest and
achingly honest
delightfully cheeky
cheeky
The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
is good
all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
, but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
the easy emotional buttons
It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
rare in the depiction of young women in film
Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
powerful and reasonably fulfilling
, The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
is a somber trip worth taking .
is a somber trip worth taking
Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
Top-notch action powers this romantic drama
Top-notch action powers
two hours better watching
spreading
a Puritanical brand of Christianity
to South Seas islanders
one only a true believer could relish
a true believer
true believer
could relish
Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals
every bit as distinctive
A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising
that is warm , inviting , and surprising
is warm , inviting , and surprising
warm , inviting , and surprising
warm , inviting , and
warm , inviting ,
warm , inviting
warm ,
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but
It has fun with the quirks of family life ,
It has fun with the quirks of family life
has fun with the quirks of family life
fun with the quirks of family life
it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
also treats the subject with fondness and respect
treats the subject with fondness and respect
the subject with fondness and respect
with fondness and respect
fondness and respect
Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
engaging offbeat touches
Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
Knockaround
seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
fresh-faced
Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
Worth a
salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
trying to be more complex than your average film
to be more complex than your average film
be more complex than your average film
complex than your average film
haul 'em to the theatre
your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute
own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute
is almost certainly
killer website movie
Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
Brims with passion :
Brims with passion
with passion
for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
keep people going in this crazy life
this crazy life
a movie make
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet
a delicious crime drama on par
a delicious crime drama
delicious crime drama
slickest
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic ,
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic
heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic
thoughtful minor classic
minor classic
the work of a genuine and singular artist
of a genuine and singular artist
a genuine and singular artist
genuine and singular artist
a hint of joy ,
a hint of joy
urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
a powerful and deeply moving example
powerful and deeply moving example
powerful and deeply moving
Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
Return to Never Land is reliable
is reliable
, standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
fare , with enough
creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
energy and wit to entertain all ages
energy and wit
to entertain all ages
entertain all ages
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real ,
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
the precious trappings
most romantic comedies ,
most romantic comedies
most romantic
very real
Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some
full of life , hand gestures , and some
life , hand gestures ,
life ,
really adorable Italian guys .
adorable Italian guys .
adorable Italian guys
lists and ways
to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
like Pinocchio
The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
takes great pleasure
in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
the resourceful Molly
What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
most refreshing
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
its unforced comedy-drama
unforced comedy-drama
its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
its relaxed ,
its relaxed
natural-seeming actors
rekindle the magic of the first film
The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
The wonder of Mostly Martha
is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
Gedeck
who makes Martha enormously endearing
makes Martha enormously endearing
Martha enormously endearing
enormously endearing
The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based
The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point
The rare movie
that 's as crisp and to the point
's as crisp and to the point
as crisp and to the point
as crisp and
as the novel on which it 's based
the novel
intelligent .
This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost
goodness for this signpost
Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
an acting bond
that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs
a fascinating character study with laughs
a fascinating character study
fascinating character study
with laughs
By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them
loved the people onscreen ,
loved the people onscreen
Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph
... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion ,
a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion
a pleasant distraction ,
a pleasant distraction
pleasant distraction
to eat popcorn
eat popcorn
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt ,
a few tasty morsels under your belt
a few tasty morsels
tasty morsels
under your belt
new friends
A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .
A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone
better than Sorcerer 's Stone
, every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
's a big , comforting jar of Marmite ,
a big , comforting jar of Marmite
a big , comforting jar
big , comforting jar
, comforting jar
comforting
a feast
is compelling enough ,
is compelling enough
compelling enough
embellished by editing
a sense of action
With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
like The Hours as an alternative
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting
be a breakthrough in filmmaking
a breakthrough in filmmaking
it is unwavering and arresting
unwavering and arresting
arresting
Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
Awesome work :
Awesome work
Awesome
ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
ineffable
, elusive , yet inexplicably
elusive , yet inexplicably
I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
averting an American-Russian Armageddon
of the plot ` surprises '
the plot ` surprises '
the plot ` surprises
are really surprising
A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship
A charming and funny story
charming and funny story
and funny story
funny story
care too much about this love story
about this love story
The first Fatal Attraction
One of the film 's most effective aspects
of the film 's most effective aspects
most effective aspects
most effective
Tchaikovsky soundtrack
of neurasthenic regret
Great character interaction .
Great character
Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery
Intensely romantic ,
Intensely romantic
thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery
thought-provoking and
an engaging mystery
engaging mystery
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that
A vibrant whirlwind
vibrant whirlwind
whirlwind
of love , family and all that
love , family and
love , family
, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe
a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe
a non-stop funny feast
non-stop funny feast
funny feast
of warmth , colour and cringe
's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing ,
some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing
some fine sex onscreen , and
some fine sex onscreen ,
fine sex onscreen
Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
puts enough salt
as clever
This one is certainly well-meaning ,
This one is certainly well-meaning
is certainly well-meaning
It 's definitely a step in the right direction .
's definitely a step in the right direction .
's definitely a step in the right direction
a step in the right direction
in the right direction
the right direction
right direction
This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life
a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life
a gorgeous film -
a gorgeous film
gorgeous film
vivid with color , music and life
music and life
It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion
been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion
been done before but never so vividly or
been done before but never so vividly
done before but never so vividly
before but never so vividly
never so vividly
so vividly
with so much passion
so much passion
final act
May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
its sweet time
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
, you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart
A compelling French psychological drama
compelling French psychological drama
20 years apart
Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural --
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
submarine movie
with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
did n't Hollywood think of this sooner
has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .
a great presence
great presence
the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
one battle followed by killer CGI effects
followed by killer CGI effects
by killer CGI effects
killer CGI effects
CGI effects
The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
three sides of his story with a sensitivity
with a sensitivity
an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and
warmth to go around , with music and laughter
to go around , with music and laughter
go around , with music and laughter
with music and laughter
music and laughter
the love of family
, Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance
chooses his words carefully
exuberance
ups
Rewarding .
Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
, somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
comes together
to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent
very compelling , sensitive ,
very compelling , sensitive
very compelling ,
very compelling
cohesive
of film entertainment
smiles and
are more compelling than the execution
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat ,
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat
From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat
is a dazzling conceptual feat
a dazzling conceptual feat
dazzling conceptual feat
conceptual feat
more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama
, it 's a work of enthralling drama
it 's a work of enthralling drama
's a work of enthralling drama
a work of enthralling drama
of enthralling drama
enthralling drama
enthralling
Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
spiritual anomie
, Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
Rose 's film , true to its source material ,
Rose 's film , true to its source material
Rose 's film
true to its source material
provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer
The warnings to resist temptation in this film
warnings
resist temptation
for staying clean
clean
be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
between flaccid satire and what
is supposed to be madcap farce
Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming
its title implies
lusty , boisterous and utterly charming
lusty ,
boisterous and utterly charming
utterly charming
In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
, Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
something rare and riveting :
something rare and riveting
rare and riveting
a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
that relies on more than special effects
relies on more than special effects
than special effects
It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie ,
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
, old-fashioned-movie movie
old-fashioned-movie movie
it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
to great artistic significance
great artistic significance
artistic significance
Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
found the perfect material
the perfect material
perfect material
to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
address his own World War II experience in his signature style
signature style
is casual and fun
casual and fun
a story worth caring about
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball .
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
Such master screenwriting
courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
Yale grad
in and of himself funny
himself funny
The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
the start -- and , refreshingly ,
, refreshingly ,
refreshingly ,
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth
some glimpses of nature and family warmth
of nature and family warmth
nature and family warmth
family warmth
of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life
entrapment in the maze of modern life
entrapment
of modern life
with all of this
Love ''
is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
is a little like a chocolate milk moustache
a little like a chocolate milk moustache
the funniest person
funniest person
that team up for a
Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
proves as clear and reliable an authority on that
as clear and reliable an authority on that
clear and reliable an authority
clear and reliable
as he was about inner consciousness
, Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one
reassures us
reassures
that he will once again be an honest and loving one
he will once again be an honest and loving one
will once again be an honest and loving one
be an honest and loving one
an honest and loving one
honest and loving one
honest and loving
honest and
the dark , challenging tune
The Piano Teacher
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ,
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
a worthwhile environmental message
worthwhile environmental message
it 's great for the kids
's great for the kids
great for the kids
for the kids
Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
the Great American Comedy
Great American Comedy
, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too
if you liked the previous movies in the series
you liked the previous movies in the series
the previous movies
, you 'll have a good time with this one too
you 'll have a good time with this one too
'll have a good time with this one too
have a good time with this one too
a good time with this one too
with this one too
The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .
The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
more timely in its despairing vision of corruption
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks
quite good
providing some good old fashioned spooks
good old fashioned spooks
Lyne 's stolid remake
John Carlen 's script
When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
, it finds a nice rhythm .
it finds a nice rhythm .
finds a nice rhythm .
finds a nice rhythm
nice rhythm
make for great cinema
for great cinema
great cinema
it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
will lead when given the opportunity
Family togetherness
workplace ambition
opposed to the manifesto
Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human
constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey ,
constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey
a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey
a hilarious ode to middle America and
a hilarious ode to middle America
a hilarious ode
hilarious ode
a pathetic , endearing hero
pathetic , endearing
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one ,
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one
, the film is a good one
the film is a good one
is a good one
a good one
good one
you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
hand it to director George Clooney
such a big job
All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
leather pants &
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
resuscitate
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
fun-loving libertine
fun-loving
handbag-clutching
`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
For serious film buffs
film buffs
Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?
Both exuberantly romantic and serenely
Both exuberantly
exuberantly
romantic and serenely
is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
's something of the ultimate Scorsese film
something of the ultimate Scorsese film
of the ultimate Scorsese film
the ultimate Scorsese film
ultimate Scorsese film
with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
their largest-ever historical canvas
largest-ever historical canvas
dope
This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
dark , gritty , sometimes funny
, gritty , sometimes funny
gritty , sometimes funny
, sometimes funny
sometimes funny
little gem
Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching
ambiguities that make it well worth watching
that make it well worth watching
make it well worth watching
it well worth watching
well worth watching
Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
Delight your senses and crash this wedding
Delight your senses and
Delight your senses
this wedding
A thought-provoking picture .
thought-provoking picture .
The Lion King
deliberate laughs
stunningly
Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
much power
not enough puff
Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films
a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films
a no-bull throwback
Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions
Elegant and
eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions
eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and
eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death
meditation -RRB-
most elusive
, love .
The action is reasonably well-done ...
The action is reasonably well-done
is reasonably well-done
reasonably well-done
story , character and comedy bits
, character and comedy bits
and comedy bits
ever fit smoothly together
fit smoothly together
fit smoothly
textbook lives
McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better
Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera ,
Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera
wonderfully sprawling soap opera
wonderfully sprawling
focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
the hero 's odyssey
from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
to courage and happiness
courage and happiness
Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction
strong cast and surehanded direction
cast and surehanded direction
and surehanded direction
surehanded direction
surehanded
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn
for a winning , heartwarming yarn
a winning , heartwarming yarn
winning , heartwarming yarn
, heartwarming yarn
heartwarming yarn
visually flashy
exercise in style and mystification .
exercise in style and mystification
style and mystification
It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and
watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain
Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes
with her small , intelligent eyes
her small , intelligent eyes
small , intelligent eyes
, intelligent eyes
to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension
the perfectly pitched web
perfectly pitched web
perfectly pitched
Critics need a good laugh , too ,
need a good laugh , too
need a good laugh ,
need a good laugh
a good laugh
good laugh
the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods
outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods
, sidesplitting
sidesplitting
heaps
can not be faulted .
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings
Not a bad choice here
Not a bad choice
is working properly .
is working properly
working properly
As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
As warm as it is wise
warm as it is wise
it is wise
is wise
, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
setting off
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
uproarious humor
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
sneaks up on the viewer
providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
an experience that is richer than anticipated
that is richer than anticipated
is richer than anticipated
scenic shots
scenic
The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops ,
The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops
The characters are interesting and
The characters are interesting
are interesting
the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops
is worth watching as it develops
watching as it develops
as it develops
enough to the story to fill two hours
employs to authenticate her British persona
authenticate her British persona
authenticate
The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart
an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart
an honesty and dignity
honesty and dignity
Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy ,
Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy
have produced sparkling retina candy
produced sparkling retina candy
sparkling retina candy
retina candy
able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
muster a lot of emotional resonance
a lot of emotional resonance
of emotional resonance
Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
Like Brosnan 's performance
, Evelyn comes from the heart .
Evelyn comes from the heart .
comes from the heart .
comes from the heart
muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
effectively chilling guilty pleasure
effectively chilling
are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
the mere suggestion of serial killers
Friday the 13th
of Clean and Sober
Clean and
After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
, Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
sustains a higher plateau
sustains
a higher plateau
higher
plateau
Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
Bullock 's memorable first interrogation
memorable first interrogation
When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director
going to make his debut as a film director
, one would hope for the best
for the best
An intoxicating experience .
An intoxicating
The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and
The movie worked for me right up to the final scene ,
worked for me
Schnieder
bounces
that 's enough to sustain laughs
's enough to sustain laughs
enough to sustain laughs
to sustain laughs
sustain laughs
If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
silly little cartoon
can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
not to grow up to be greedy
bastards , more power to it .
more power
Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
bizarre developments
, Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy
unexpected flashes of dark comedy
the character 's gripping humanity
gripping humanity
of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing
equally engrossing
A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish
A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less
fun and funny in the middle , though
fun and funny in the middle ,
fun and funny in the middle
fun and
funny in the middle
strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes
strong and funny ,
strong and funny
a good , hard yank
yank
he wants you to feel something
It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
's bright
, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
pristine style and bold colors
pristine
style and bold colors
bold colors
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
make it as much fun
as much fun
reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
, loud , bang-the-drum
of faith just
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
long workout
your pulse ever racing
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ,
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
refreshes the mind and spirit along
refreshes the mind and spirit
refreshes
mind and spirit
original is its content , look , and style
the action sequences -- clearly the main event --
a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
a humorous , all-too-human look
humorous , all-too-human look
at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
madness -- and strength
moments of real pleasure
of real pleasure
Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough
Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not
Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary
Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy
whimsical comedy
The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
Sia
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it ,
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment
a web of dazzling entertainment
of dazzling entertainment
dazzling entertainment
`` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods
`` Spider-Man '' certainly
delivers the goods
the goods
most of the work
's fitfully funny but never
's fitfully funny but
's fitfully funny
fitfully funny
really takes off
If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan
, you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
enjoy at least
A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds
A compelling story of musical passion
A compelling story
of musical passion
musical passion
governmental odds
A riveting story well told .
A riveting story
riveting story
well told .
He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
deep inside righteousness
inside righteousness
be found a tough beauty
found a tough beauty
tough beauty
Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
is surely
the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
the funniest and most accurate depiction
funniest and most accurate depiction
funniest and most accurate
funniest and
Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
turning one man 's triumph of will
one man 's triumph of will
one man 's triumph
into everyman 's romance comedy
everyman 's romance comedy
The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
is the piece works brilliantly .
is the piece works brilliantly
the piece works
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented ,
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented
is clearly extraordinarily talented
extraordinarily talented
based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold
on three short films and two features
's betting her third feature will be something to behold
betting her third feature will be something to behold
her third feature will be something to behold
will be something to behold
be something to behold
something to behold
even life on an aircraft carrier --
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ...
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
surprisingly sensitive script co-written
surprisingly sensitive
Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
Plot , characters ,
helpful
calculating fiend
The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant
The film is visually dazzling ,
The film is visually dazzling
is visually dazzling
visually dazzling
the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant
dramatic , funny and poignant
, funny and poignant
funny and poignant
Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events ,
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events
an admirable reconstruction
admirable reconstruction
fitting
, and of the thousands thereafter
Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
at ease sharing the same scene
Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year
to the most enchanting film of the year
the most enchanting film of the year
the most enchanting film
most enchanting film
most enchanting
Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
a new treasure of the Hermitage
a new treasure
new treasure
The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
make a splash even greater
a splash even greater
a splash
The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
the illusion of work is than actual work
The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
The picture 's fascinating byways
of the acting breed
's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite
that gives the film its bittersweet bite
gives the film its bittersweet bite
bittersweet bite
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted ,
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted
's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted
's coherent , well shot , and tartly
's coherent , well shot , and
's coherent , well shot ,
's coherent , well shot
's coherent
well shot
dinner guest
showing off his doctorate
An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
invaluable historical document thanks
to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud ,
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access
extraordinary access
whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people
charm , cultivation and devotion
, cultivation and devotion
cultivation and
cultivation
to his people
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles ,
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles
nearly perfect in their roles
perfect in their roles
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
to a superior crime movie
a superior crime movie
superior crime movie
does sound promising in theory
parody .
insurance
The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .
invented
Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
Seen in that light
Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
should strike a nerve in many .
Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
the stunning star turn
stunning star turn
Djeinaba Diop Gai
Djeinaba
Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
, like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
... it 's Robert Duvall !
it 's Robert Duvall !
Robert Duvall
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling ,
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling
Laugh-out-loud lines ,
Laugh-out-loud lines
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances ,
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances
adorably ditsy but heartfelt
adorably ditsy but
adorably
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
-LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work .
-LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful
thoughtful , visually graceful
, visually graceful
visually graceful
participation
TNT
Saving Ryan 's Privates
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation
dark , intelligent warning cry
dark , intelligent
, intelligent
knockabout
what once was conviction
affectation
Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
a complicated hero
who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
This fascinating experiment
fascinating experiment
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice
more of a poetic than a strict reality ,
of a poetic
a poetic
a strict reality
creating an intriguing species of artifice
an intriguing species of artifice
an intriguing species
intriguing species
gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
The plot 's clearly mythic structure
Disney 's strong sense of formula
original story
A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
poignant lyricism
runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
transforms this story about love and culture
this story about love and culture
about love and culture
love and culture
into a cinematic poem
a cinematic poem
caught up in an intricate plot
in an intricate plot
an intricate plot
intricate plot
while cleverly worked out
cleverly worked out
overcome blah characters
a good performance
good performance
merit it
Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .
has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable
as beautiful , desirable ,
as beautiful , desirable
as beautiful ,
as beautiful
desirable
it does in Trouble Every Day
bona fide
capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
genteel yet decadent
bills
the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st
into the 21st
Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
got a place in your heart
a place in your heart
in your heart
will worm its way there
Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .
the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
that at its best
does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but
does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws
make the most out of its characters ' flaws
virtue
Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
a work of entertainment
as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
a unique , well-crafted psychological study
unique , well-crafted psychological study
, well-crafted psychological study
well-crafted psychological study
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape :
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape
as a durable part of the movie landscape
a durable part
durable
the movie landscape
a James Bond series for kids
a James Bond series
There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
an important director
important director
has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ...
some outrageously creative action in The Transporter
some outrageously creative action
outrageously creative action
creative action
-LRB- b -RRB-
unstoppable superman
unstoppable
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical
a rich and intelligent film
rich and intelligent film
rich and intelligent
that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
probe questions of attraction and interdependence
of attraction and interdependence
attraction and interdependence
that watching it leaves you giddy
watching it leaves you giddy
leaves you giddy
It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller
effectively creepy-scary thriller
creepy-scary thriller
creepy-scary
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times
fixating
If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
S&M
true love
's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
's exactly what these two people need to find each other
A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation
quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation
that constantly defies expectation
constantly defies expectation
defies expectation
Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects
turning in some delightful work on indie projects
in some delightful work on indie projects
some delightful work on indie projects
some delightful work
delightful work
A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you
A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama
frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama
deeply watchable
a tougher picture
Enchanted
liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts
, however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
, is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
the edge of wild , lunatic invention
that we associate with Cage 's best acting
we associate with Cage 's best acting
associate with Cage 's best acting
with Cage 's best acting
Cage 's best acting
best acting
Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally
played for maximum moisture
somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
I simply ca n't recommend it enough .
simply ca n't recommend it enough .
ca n't recommend it enough .
ca n't recommend it enough
recommend it enough
There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
cool stuff
British comedy .
rent this on video
In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
In addition to scoring high for originality of plot
addition to scoring high for originality of plot
to scoring high for originality of plot
scoring high for originality of plot
scoring high
scoring
for originality of plot
originality of plot
-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way --
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love
together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love
together familiar themes
of family , forgiveness and love
family , forgiveness and love
forgiveness and love
in a new way
Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
both innocent and jaded
innocent and
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember ''
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill ,
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill
without being forceful , sad without being shrill
being forceful , sad without being shrill
without being shrill
A Walk to Remember ''
Walk to Remember ''
succeeds through sincerity .
succeeds through sincerity
through sincerity
A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
A passionately inquisitive film
passionately
inquisitive film
determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action
hopefully inspire action
We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
We want the funk - and this movie 's got it
this movie 's got it
The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .
The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond
repeating
blazing
bloodsucker computer effects
than to call attention to themselves
A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
A spiffy animated feature
spiffy animated feature
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
an unruly adolescent boy
yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
chance to prove his worth
seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
seems as funny
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting ''
takes such a speedy swan dive
from `` promising ''
from `` promising
to `` interesting ''
`` interesting ''
interesting ''
A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
is long on
on action
Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or
is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and
is , more often then
, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
, transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
into a lyrical and celebratory vision
a lyrical and celebratory vision
lyrical and celebratory vision
lyrical and celebratory
celebratory
The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and
elevates the material above pat inspirational status
above pat inspirational status
inspirational status
gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
a sturdiness and solidity
Duvall is strong as always .
is strong as always .
is strong as always
strong as always
a great Saturday Night Live sketch
great Saturday Night Live sketch
A true pleasure .
true pleasure .
pleasure .
Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought
an invaluable service
invaluable service
by sparking debate and encouraging thought
sparking debate and encouraging thought
sparking debate and
sparking
encouraging thought
Exciting and well-paced .
Exciting and well-paced
Exciting and
Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty
perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty
, taut , piercing and feisty
piercing and feisty
Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
involving in its bold presentation
in its bold presentation
its bold presentation
bold presentation
reviewers
its opening
captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
robbed and
seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB-
-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing
captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
captures both the beauty of the land and the people
both the beauty of the land and the people
both the beauty
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue ,
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
of clever moments and biting dialogue
clever moments and biting dialogue
clever moments
much lurking below its abstract surface
below its abstract surface
Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild
a kingdom
Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
transcend genre
it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
embraces it , energizes it and
embraces it , energizes it
energizes it
energizes
Like the best 60 Minutes
the best 60 Minutes
best 60 Minutes
, the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
is actually quite entertaining .
is actually quite entertaining
quite entertaining
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
in hero worship
It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller
It 's crafty , energetic and smart --
It 's crafty , energetic and smart
's crafty , energetic and smart
crafty , energetic and smart
, energetic and smart
energetic and smart
energetic and
As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .
, `` Minority Report '' astounds .
`` Minority Report '' astounds .
Minority Report '' astounds .
'' astounds .
astounds .
astounds
Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery
the hype , the celebrity ,
of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
, talented , charismatic and tragically
talented , charismatic and tragically
, charismatic and tragically
charismatic and tragically
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
gives these women
a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
demonstrate their acting ` chops '
full advantage
All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy
satisfying well-made romantic comedy
satisfying well-made
that 's both charming and well acted
's both charming and well acted
's both charming and well
's both charming and
's both charming
both charming
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions --
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale
beautiful , timeless and universal tale
, timeless and universal tale
timeless and universal tale
Bambi
the emotional resonance
either of those movies
Made me unintentionally famous
favourite
The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like
, emotional , Rocky-like
emotional , Rocky-like
, Rocky-like
it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
a warm and charming package
warm and charming package
warm and charming
that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
you 'll feel too happy to argue much
'll feel too happy to argue much
feel too happy to argue much
too happy to argue much
shouts classic French nuance .
shouts classic French nuance
classic French nuance
French nuance
is a challenging film
always a narratively cohesive one .
always a narratively cohesive one
has usually
a charm
missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
effective horror
Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
in its poetic symbolism
poetic symbolism
, Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
a good match
good match
-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations
admirable energy ,
admirable energy
full-bodied characterizations
like a glossy rehash
What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus
Broadway
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act --
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney
's easy to love Robin Tunney
easy to love Robin Tunney
love Robin Tunney
Robin Tunney
-- she 's pretty and she can act --
she 's pretty and she can act --
she 's pretty and she can act
she 's pretty and
she 's pretty
she can act
can act
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices
understand her choices
The Hood
strives
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture
an interesting technical exercise
interesting technical exercise
interesting technical
What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
What enlivens this film
enlivens this film
enlivens
, beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
the astute direction of Cardoso and
the astute direction of Cardoso
the astute direction
beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
beautifully detailed performances
detailed performances
, is a note of defiance over social dictates .
Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
Effective in all its aspects
, Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
Margarita Happy Hour
Happy Hour
represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken
an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken
an auspicious feature debut
auspicious feature debut
`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
Pure of intention and
Pure of intention
passably
Matches neorealism 's
showing the humanity of a war-torn land
filled with people who just want to live their lives
The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye
The performances are amiable and committed , and
The performances are amiable and committed ,
The performances are amiable and committed
are amiable and committed
amiable and committed
more often than not hits the bullseye
hits the bullseye
the bullseye
A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
A rich tale of our times
A rich tale
rich tale
, very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
told with an appropriate minimum of means .
with an appropriate minimum of means
While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
provide its keenest pleasures
its keenest pleasures
keenest pleasures
, it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
put it on a coffee table
Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .
Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen
complex characters
novels to the big screen
are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
it is to be Ya-Ya
, well , funnier .
, funnier .
funnier .
No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .
, I love it ... hell , I dunno .
I love it ... hell , I dunno .
love it ... hell , I dunno .
love it ...
It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
exhilarating place
to visit , this laboratory of laughter
visit , this laboratory of laughter
this laboratory of laughter
One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us ,
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper ,
seeing things from new sides ,
seeing things from new sides
plunging deeper
for their Mamet
instead found their Sturges .
turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .
Family fare .
becalmed
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity
the enticing prospect
enticing prospect
nubile young actors
construct a story
of dramatic interest
dramatic interest
worth telling
Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
exists ,
does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
an artistry that also smacks of revelation
an artistry
artistry
all the way to the credits
The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain
a streetwise McLaughlin Group
never fails to entertain
to entertain
The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances
was immensely enjoyable
immensely enjoyable
thanks to great performances
to great performances
great performances
like to ride bikes
a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
a worthwhile glimpse
worthwhile glimpse
independent-community guiding lights
independent-community
guiding lights
A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation
much more successful translation
much more successful
most famous
Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
Writer-director David Jacobson and
Writer-director David Jacobson
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
a remarkable film
remarkable film
that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
A fun ride .
A fun
This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever
makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ,
makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
as the film has some of the best special effects ever
the film has some of the best special effects ever
has some of the best special effects ever
has some of the best special effects
some of the best special effects
of the best special effects
the best special effects
best special effects
each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture
is rich in emotional texture
rich in emotional texture
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching
the stories work and
stories work
the film works well enough to make it worth watching
works well enough to make it worth watching
works well enough
to make it worth watching
make it worth watching
it worth watching
worth watching
But it is entertaining on an inferior level .
very compelling or much fun
very compelling or
has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers
has generic virtues
of involved talent
involved talent
, LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
for human connection
Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
, you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel
paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel
-LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
-LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
Rises -RRB-
above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
a soul and
an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
of good old-fashioned escapism
it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption ,
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption
reasonably attractive holiday contraption
reasonably attractive
one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing
for a clean , kid-friendly outing
a clean , kid-friendly outing
clean , kid-friendly outing
, kid-friendly outing
kid-friendly outing
kid-friendly
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority
has a fluid , no-nonsense authority
a fluid , no-nonsense authority
fluid , no-nonsense authority
no-nonsense authority
the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal
` ron seal the deal
seal the deal
nonetheless compulsively watchable
-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .
-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and
-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ,
-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
-LRB- Hayek -RRB-
throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
this dream Hispanic role
with a teeth-clenching gusto
a teeth-clenching gusto
teeth-clenching gusto
teeth-clenching
gusto
she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
strikes a potent chemistry
a potent chemistry
potent chemistry
she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
makes us believe she is Kahlo
Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
Call it magic
it magic
, but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
, but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
with a certain degree of wit and dignity
a certain degree of wit and dignity
of wit and dignity
wit and dignity
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
an admirable rigor
admirable rigor
of a happy ending
you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
trust laughs
conjure proper respect
proper respect
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative
graceful dual narrative
the compelling historical tale
compelling historical tale
an amusement
amusement
Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
, but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
, but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
flourishes and
flourishes
The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
this film 's cast is uniformly superb
work in concert
Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man
favour of an altogether darker side
favour
I 'll bet most parents had thought
A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .
A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun
A whale of a good time for both children and parents
of a good time for both children and parents
a good time for both children and parents
for both children and parents
seeking Christian-themed fun
Christian-themed fun
finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
amusing , let alone funny
Terminally bland ,
A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family
A reasonably entertaining sequel
reasonably entertaining sequel
reasonably entertaining
surprise family
that such a talented director as Chen Kaige
such a talented director as Chen Kaige
talented director as Chen Kaige
talented director
Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter ,
have chosen a fascinating subject matter
chosen a fascinating subject matter
a fascinating subject matter
fascinating subject matter
fascinating subject
A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
well-rounded tribute
well-rounded
to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
whose achievements -- and complexities --
beyond the end zone
After Next spreads them pretty thin
a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .
a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture
a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B
fairly disposable yet still entertaining B
fairly disposable yet still entertaining
Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
personal tragedy and also the human comedy
human comedy
Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
are tops
with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
delivering Oscar-caliber performances
Oscar-caliber performances
Oscar-caliber
being this generation 's Animal House
this generation 's Animal House
It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .
It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works
particularly well made
well made
I found myself howling more than cringing
, I 'd say the film works
the film works
A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes
A sweet-tempered comedy
sweet-tempered comedy
sweet-tempered
for humor in so many teenage comedies
Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .
Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play
sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play
sassy interpretation
sassy
of the Oscar Wilde play
Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition
Significantly better
Though its atmosphere is intriguing
its atmosphere is intriguing
The big-screen Scooby
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
original cartoon
seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
seem smart and well-crafted
smart and well-crafted
wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again
religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds --
So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
is one of those rare pictures
of those rare pictures
that you root for throughout
dearly
that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
the rich promise of the script
the rich promise
rich promise
realized on the screen
climax
watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy
like a good guy
a good guy
good guy
Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident
balances real-time rhythms
real-time rhythms
propulsive
An exhilarating serving of movie fluff
An exhilarating
scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
Hanna-Barbera charm
The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
celebrate
with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
funny enough
have a passion for the material
a passion for the material
It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
works its magic with such exuberance and passion
works its magic
its magic
with such exuberance and passion
such exuberance and passion
exuberance and passion
that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
becomes a part of its fun
a part of its fun
its fun
an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband
a throwback war movie
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ,
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
energetic , extreme-sports adventure
they can swim
saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and
establishes its ominous mood and tension
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
rises to a higher level
to a higher level
higher level
The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors
smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors
smart and dark -
smart and dark
hallelujah for small favors
As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
is an earnest study in despair
an earnest study in despair
an earnest study
earnest study
Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
a strong education and
strong education
being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
more valuable
in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
help increase an average student 's self-esteem
, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
in the knowledge imparted
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance
sophisticated performance
moralizing
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say ,
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good ,
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film
gently funny , sweetly adventurous film
gently funny , sweetly adventurous
funny , sweetly adventurous
funny ,
sweetly adventurous
that makes you feel genuinely good
makes you feel genuinely good
you feel genuinely good
feel genuinely good
genuinely good
practices
Harris 's strong effort
strong effort
effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma
carry the film with their charisma
the film with their charisma
with their charisma
their charisma
exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
sharp comic timing
easier to digest
Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
Fontaine masterfully
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history ,
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict ,
a portrait of two strong men in conflict
seeing himself in the other ,
Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words
Straightforward and old-fashioned
in the best possible senses of both those words
the best possible senses of both those words
the best possible senses
best possible senses
those words
, Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
the lovers
who inhabit it
Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving
Performances are potent , and
Performances are potent ,
Performances are potent
are potent
the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving
the women 's stories
are ably intercut and involving
has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
has the feel of a summer popcorn movie
the feel of a summer popcorn movie
of a summer popcorn movie
a summer popcorn movie
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , '
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film ,
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
that rare animal
known as ' a perfect family film
as ' a perfect family film
a perfect family film
perfect family film
it 's about family
pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
, it irrigates our souls .
it irrigates our souls .
this is cinema
is cinema
, I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
In trying to be daring and original
to be daring and original
be daring and original
daring and original
only occasionally satirical and
occasionally satirical
Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
stay in touch with your own skin
at 18 or 80
simpler , leaner
been preferable
preferable
, being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
funnier than being about something
April
By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
ca n't help but feel ` stoked .
ca n't help but feel ` stoked
feel ` stoked
` stoked
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ...
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical
, energetic and sweetly whimsical
energetic and sweetly whimsical
energetic and sweetly
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
the rare sequel
rare sequel
that 's better than its predecessor
's better than its predecessor
better than its predecessor
Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums
Polished , well-structured film .
Polished , well-structured film
Polished ,
well-structured film
well-structured
It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
, dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
dramatically forceful
, and beautifully shot
While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
, I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
still fun and enjoyable and
still fun and enjoyable
fun and enjoyable
that it 's more than a worthwhile effort
it 's more than a worthwhile effort
more than a worthwhile effort
than a worthwhile effort
a worthwhile effort
worthwhile effort
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ;
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
on character
tell its story
A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
A meditation on faith and madness
is blood-curdling stuff
If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
guts
you will likely enjoy this monster
will likely enjoy this monster
princesses
live happily ever after
live happily ever
live happily
There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
much tongue in cheek in the film
there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
is having fun with it all
having fun with it all
fun with it all
elaborate futuristic sets
futuristic sets
particularly memorable effect
particularly memorable
watch this movie
so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films --
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
A hugely rewarding experience
hugely rewarding experience
hugely rewarding
that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining
enlightening , insightful and entertaining
enlightening
, insightful and entertaining
insightful and entertaining
insightful and
as Grant 's two best films
Grant 's two best films
two best films
The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod
jolts the laughs from the audience --
jolts the laughs from the audience
jolts the laughs
made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
What makes this film special
makes this film special
this film special
is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
a much larger historical context
It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
its crack cast
crack cast
swimfan does catch on
it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
teens are looking for something to make them laugh
make them laugh
A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .
the faithful
, with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
with 20 times
the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining
the creativity
indulgently entertaining
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can
with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
the breathtaking landscapes and villainous
the breathtaking landscapes and
the breathtaking landscapes
breathtaking landscapes
amusing , but ultimately so
amusing ,
decent draft
A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
with Spike Lee 's masterful
The Right Thing
be utterly entranced by its subject and
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics ,
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics
Scotland looks wonderful ,
Scotland looks wonderful
looks wonderful
the fans are often funny fanatics
are often funny fanatics
funny fanatics
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs
a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs
whip-smart
A solidly entertaining little film .
A solidly entertaining little film
A solidly entertaining
Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
are pretty valuable these days
are pretty valuable
pretty valuable
very amusing
By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes ,
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable
touching , raucously amusing ,
touching , raucously amusing
touching ,
raucously amusing
raucously
even sexy
, Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre
a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre
a welcome and heartwarming addition
welcome and heartwarming addition
welcome and heartwarming
There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
entering
out ballsy and stylish
ballsy and
ballsy
keep it up
of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
the fine work
fine work
An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
An undeniably gorgeous , terminally
undeniably gorgeous , terminally
undeniably gorgeous
smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band
a troubadour
the triumph of his band
the triumph
're over 25
better entertainment
and no one -RRB-
Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast
by a gritty style and an excellent cast
a gritty style and an excellent cast
an excellent cast
, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
's better
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ...
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
, oozing , chilling and heart-warming
oozing , chilling and heart-warming
, chilling and heart-warming
chilling and heart-warming
heart-warming
a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing :
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing
is mesmerizing
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning
the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning
are ultimately winning
like their characters
a superior moral tone
superior moral tone
It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
great trashy fun
trashy fun
that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
to his pulpy thrillers
has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
has to be a few advantages to never growing old
a few advantages to never growing old
a few advantages
never growing old
An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast
often watchable , though goofy and lurid ,
often watchable
, though goofy and lurid ,
For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future
fascinating but flawed look
Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat
Every moment crackles with tension , and
Every moment crackles with tension ,
Every moment crackles with tension
by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat
, you 're on the edge of your seat
you 're on the edge of your seat
're on the edge of your seat
on the edge of your seat
the edge of your seat
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but
go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
go down in the annals of cinema
in the annals of cinema
as one of the great submarine stories
one of the great submarine stories
great submarine stories
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
an engaging and exciting narrative
engaging and exciting narrative
engaging and exciting
engaging and
Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
infuses the film
fairytale
Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
into one terrific story with lots of laughs
one terrific story with lots of laughs
one terrific story
terrific story
with lots of laughs
of laughs
he has something significant to say
has something significant to say
talking a talk that appeals to me
a talk that appeals to me
that appeals to me
appeals to me
appeals
seem to have much emotional impact on the characters
have much emotional impact on the characters
much emotional impact
It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
a jaunt down memory lane for teens
down memory lane
on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
Alcatraz
Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
one makes
, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
is beautiful
filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
of French cinema 's master craftsmen
French cinema 's master craftsmen
master craftsmen
Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
Much of it is funny , but
Much of it is funny ,
Much of it is funny
there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
are also some startling , surrealistic moments
are also
some startling , surrealistic moments
, surrealistic moments
surrealistic
works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
, it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance
thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance
to Huston 's revelatory performance
Huston 's revelatory performance
revelatory performance
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
lives up
the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
climactic setpiece
The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes
fun and reminiscent
An easy watch
easy watch
A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling
A bittersweet drama
bittersweet drama
truth-telling
can open the door to liberation .
Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years
strongest and most touching movie of recent years
strongest and
most touching movie of recent years
most touching movie
touching movie
Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
Crudup 's screen presence
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
holds interest
existential exploration
Hardly a film that comes along every day .
comes along every day
By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular
convinced that these women are spectacular
that these women are spectacular
these women are spectacular
are spectacular
Your appreciation of it
experiences you bring to it
common sense
seem to hit
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers --
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
of heart or conservative of spirit
heart or conservative
of spirit
it 's a spirited film and a must-see
's a spirited film and a must-see
a spirited film and a must-see
a spirited film and
a spirited film
spirited film
spirited
a must-see
must-see
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ,
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
boasting this many genuine cackles
many genuine cackles
Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress
like a promising work-in-progress
a promising work-in-progress
promising work-in-progress
a very complex situation
very complex
All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones
the campaign-trail press
Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
fits into a classic genre ,
fits into a classic genre
into a classic genre
a classic genre
its script and execution
it is a remarkably original work .
is a remarkably original work .
is a remarkably original work
a remarkably original work
remarkably original work
remarkably original
Malcolm McDowell is cool .
is cool .
Veggie Tales Movie
pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
An exhilarating experience .
be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
called a solid success ,
called a solid success
a solid success
solid success
's plenty of evidence
post-Tarantino
pop-culture
the television series that inspired the movie
More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
good news to anyone
good news
who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
the sweet , melancholy spell
sweet , melancholy spell
of this unique director 's previous films
this unique director 's previous films
unique director 's
Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .
Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia
belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
the so-bad-it 's - good camp
- good camp
good camp
An encouraging effort from McCrudden
An encouraging effort
encouraging effort
Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
is both inspiring and pure joy .
is both inspiring and pure joy
both inspiring and pure joy
inspiring and pure joy
inspiring and pure
inspiring and
clarity and audacity
clarity and
of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
whose charms are immediately apparent
charms are immediately apparent
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
, at times sublime , visuals
, at times sublime ,
sublime
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
offer a fascinating glimpse
a fascinating glimpse
fascinating glimpse
into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
whose derring-do puts the X into the games
derring-do
The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
recognizable and true
The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
buried at the heart of his story
change watching such a character
While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
, it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
a powerful look
powerful look
The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
an otherwise excellent film
otherwise excellent film
otherwise excellent
An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .
An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking
extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking
funny , ultimately heartbreaking
Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
, the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
is a movie that understands characters must come first
a movie that understands characters must come first
understands characters must come first
While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role
Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role
Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future ,
the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future
is perfect casting for the role
is perfect
casting for the role
According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
, Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
are made for each other .
for each other
is not ` Who ?
It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
an appealing blend
appealing blend
counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
counter-cultural
hedonistic creativity
delightfully rendered
a change in expression
Not a strike
Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible
is sympathetic without being gullible
sympathetic without being gullible
He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
spontaneous creativity and
spontaneous creativity
A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem
ideas and wry comic mayhem
wry comic mayhem
There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
Dirty Faces
' appeared in 1938
appeared in 1938
A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
a romantic crime comedy
romantic crime comedy
that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
be clever , amusing and unpredictable
clever , amusing and unpredictable
, amusing and unpredictable
amusing and unpredictable
amusing and
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
will leave fans clamoring for another ride
leave fans clamoring for another ride
fans clamoring for another ride
clamoring for another ride
Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and
Murphy 's expert comic timing
expert comic timing
famed charisma
famed
It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .
's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated
's incredible the number of stories
This is an interesting movie ! ''
is an interesting movie ! ''
is an interesting movie !
is an interesting movie
an interesting movie
interesting movie
Electric
is genial but never inspired , and little
about it will stay with you
it will stay with you
That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
That old adage about women being unknowable
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar
an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar
an exhilarating new interpretation
exhilarating new interpretation
exhilarating new
Pray has really done his subject justice .
has really done his subject justice .
done his subject justice
his subject justice
the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
the marvelous first 101 minutes
marvelous first 101 minutes
marvelous first 101
marvelous first
the misconceived final 5
dreams ,
actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
family-friendly comedy
family-friendly
A well-put-together piece of urban satire .
A well-put-together piece of urban satire
A well-put-together piece
well-put-together piece
well-put-together
A few zingers aside
Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
, there 's much to recommend the film .
there 's much to recommend the film .
's much to recommend the film .
's much to recommend the film
much to recommend the film
recommend the film
flatter it
flatter
A weird and wonderful comedy .
A weird and wonderful comedy
weird and wonderful comedy
weird and wonderful
the English call ` too clever by half
A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message
A compelling pre-WWII drama
compelling pre-WWII drama
with vivid characters and a warm , moving message
vivid characters and a warm , moving message
vivid characters and
vivid characters
a warm , moving message
warm , moving message
warm , moving
quite able
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and
keep the story subtle and us in suspense
the story subtle and us in suspense
spice
The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal
with Steven Seagal
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
good the execution
In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
In The Pianist
Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way
Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
his own preoccupations and obsessions
he allows nothing to get in the way
Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
, when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
his martial artistry
, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
rediscover the quivering kid inside
Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
a movie is more than a movie .
is more than a movie .
is more than a movie
more than a movie
the inspiration of the original
the inspiration
a child 's interest and
A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
A strong and confident work
strong and confident work
strong and confident
works so well for the first 89 minutes ,
works so well for the first 89 minutes
works so well
Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend
is exceedingly pleasant ,
is exceedingly pleasant
exceedingly pleasant
The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
making the right choice
the right choice
right choice
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities
remains prominent ,
remains prominent
prominent
as do the girls ' amusing personalities
the girls ' amusing personalities
amusing personalities
A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way
A touching , sophisticated film
touching , sophisticated film
, sophisticated film
sophisticated film
almost seems like a documentary in the way
captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes
on the brink of major changes
Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
Spectacularly beautiful
, not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense ,
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense
mysterious , sensual ,
mysterious , sensual
mysterious ,
emotionally intense
with virtuoso throat-singing
virtuoso throat-singing
virtuoso
Hoffman 's best efforts
best efforts
who he was before
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed ,
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
can see without feeling embarrassed
Intimate and panoramic .
Intimate and panoramic
These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
are really going to love The Piano Teacher
going to love The Piano Teacher
to love The Piano Teacher
love The Piano Teacher
, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller
a well-made and satisfying thriller
well-made and satisfying thriller
well-made and satisfying
well-made and
It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events
recycling
American sports
look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
Ali 's graduation from little screen to big
from little screen to big
than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier
There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
a welcome lack
of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
sets out to entertain and
sets out to entertain
ends up delivering in good measure
delivering in good measure
in good measure
good measure
be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film
first major studio production
ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm
negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm
in Janice 's behavior
by sheer force of charm
sheer force of charm
of charm
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
really a true
a true
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking ,
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking
's real visual charge to the filmmaking
real visual charge to the filmmaking
real visual charge
a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
strong erotic
Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?
Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film
Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film
witty , wistful new film
, wistful new film
wistful new film
A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family
A lively and engaging examination
lively and engaging examination
and engaging examination
engaging examination
With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
, Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
deep-seated , emotional need
deep-seated , emotional
is about to turn onto a different path
onto a different path
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- ,
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and
as simultaneously funny , offbeat
as simultaneously funny ,
as simultaneously funny
`` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
do all three quite well ,
do all three quite well
making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
of the year 's most enjoyable releases
the year 's most enjoyable releases
most enjoyable releases
most enjoyable
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ...
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming
Both heartbreaking and
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving
it 's tremendously moving
's tremendously moving
tremendously moving
It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year
a better thriller
better thriller
Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
Deliberately and devotedly constructed
postcard perfect ,
postcard perfect
recreation to resonate
of clever ideas and visual gags
clever ideas and visual gags
clever ideas and
clever ideas
a romantic
-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions ,
-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions
-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous ,
-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous
Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous
-RRB- gorgeous
Finn
McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor ,
charged
rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent
Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK
was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
long , intricate , star-studded and
long , intricate , star-studded
star-studded
, Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
draws its considerable power from simplicity .
draws its considerable power from simplicity
draws its considerable power
its considerable power
considerable power
It 's all arty and jazzy
all arty and jazzy
arty and jazzy
arty and
have at it
the show 's concept
The most surprising thing about this film
The most surprising thing
most surprising thing
releasing
The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts
high-octane jolts
you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
is that it 's also one of the smartest
that it 's also one of the smartest
it 's also one of the smartest
's also one of the smartest
one of the smartest
of the smartest
the smartest
, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie
most pleasurable expressions
pleasurable expressions
of pure movie
pure movie
love to come from an American director in years
to come from an American director in years
hipness
Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
-LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
-LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and
-LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be ,
what punk rock music used to be
what punk rock music
more of : spirit , perception , conviction
spirit , perception , conviction
perception , conviction
are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances
the flamboyant mannerisms
flamboyant mannerisms
the trademark of several of his performances
better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but
better than mid-range Steven Seagal ,
as Jet Li on rollerblades
Jet
on rollerblades
It should be interesting
should be interesting
it should be poignant
With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity
unflappable air
, Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor ,
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor
remains a perfect Wildean actor
a perfect Wildean actor
perfect Wildean actor
a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill
displays impeccable comic skill
impeccable comic skill
comic skill
Wins my vote
of Cinema ' Award
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
tolerance and diversity
particularly original
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
drawn in by the sympathetic characters
in by the sympathetic characters
sympathetic characters
A serious movie with serious ideas .
A serious movie with serious ideas
A serious movie
with serious ideas
Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches
Steers refreshingly clear
refreshingly clear
with a better script
a better script
better script
give the movie points for
A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie
A fairly enjoyable mixture
fairly enjoyable mixture
fairly enjoyable
Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
Thought-provoking and stylish
if also somewhat hermetic .
Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
very well shot or composed or edited
very well shot or
very well shot
, the film shatters you in waves .
the film shatters you in waves .
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ...
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic
A lovely film ...
A lovely film
lovely film
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior
elegant , witty and beneath
, witty and beneath
witty and beneath
unabashedly romantic
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really
hugely enjoyable in its own right though
hugely enjoyable in its own right
enjoyable in its own right
its source 's complexity
exceedingly memorable one for most people
exceedingly memorable one
exceedingly memorable
Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
a successful adaptation and
a successful adaptation
successful adaptation
an enjoyable film in its own right
an enjoyable film
enjoyable film
from Burkina Faso
A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone
of the credit for the film 's winning tone
the credit for the film 's winning tone
for the film 's winning tone
the film 's winning tone
must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
dry humor
that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
love him
suspense or believable tension
Les
a kind
Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards
it offers large rewards
offers large rewards
large rewards
While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
of a particular theatrical family
, this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully --
marvelous documentary touches
-- ever so gracefully --
ever so gracefully --
ever so gracefully
so gracefully
gracefully
a legendary professor
legendary
a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
a brilliant college student --
a brilliant college student
A faster paced family flick .
Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
are ... impeccable throughout .
are ... impeccable throughout
are ...
impeccable throughout
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze --
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music ,
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music
This odd , poetic road movie ,
odd , poetic road movie
poetic road movie
spiked by jolts of pop music
takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
ever-watchful
it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director ,
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
to the actress , and to her inventive director
, and to her inventive director
to her inventive director
her inventive director
inventive director
that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
the journey is such a mesmerizing one
is such a mesmerizing one
such a mesmerizing one
a mesmerizing one
mesmerizing one
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
, poignancy , and intelligence
poignancy , and intelligence
, and intelligence
charitable
cross between Highlander and Lolita
Highlander
schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins
Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins
The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence
does a solid job of slowly ,
does a solid job of slowly
does a solid job
solid job
building up to the climactic burst of violence
to the climactic burst of violence
climactic burst
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit
seen City
it 's worth yet another visit
's worth yet another visit
worth yet another visit
another visit
are particularly engaging or articulate .
particularly engaging
's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
from a groundbreaking endeavor
a groundbreaking endeavor
groundbreaking endeavor
groundbreaking
Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict
a mesmerizing performance
mesmerizing performance
spook-a-rama
throws away
orchestrating
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap ,
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap
feel the screenwriter at every moment
on this screenplay
Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
Its engaging simplicity
engaging simplicity
is driven by appealing leads
driven by appealing leads
appealing leads
Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
a genuine love story ,
a genuine love story
genuine love story
full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and
of awakening and ripening
awakening and ripening
awakening and
grab us
appreciated
plain boring
While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .
While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast
Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they
are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they
faithful to Melville 's plotline
a fully engaged supporting cast
fully engaged supporting cast
... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
more quick-witted than any English Lit
quick-witted than any English Lit
quick-witted
have thought possible
The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less
puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
puts a human face
makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
one of the great minds of our times
of the great minds of our times
the great minds of our times
the great minds
great minds
interesting and accessible
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
its surprises
The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
funny stuff in this movie
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions ,
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
The director and her capable cast
her capable cast
to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
a heady whirl
of New Age-inspired good intentions
New Age-inspired good intentions
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and
Road to Perdition does display greatness
does display greatness
display greatness
it 's worth seeing
's worth seeing
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ,
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
humor and a heartfelt conviction
a heartfelt conviction
heartfelt conviction
about discovering your destination in life
discovering your destination in life
the places , and the people ,
Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers
the relationship between mothers
mothers
their children
a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
You will likely prefer to keep on watching .
will likely prefer to keep on watching .
will likely prefer to keep on watching
prefer to keep on watching
-LRB- Garbus -RRB-
the skewed melodrama
of the circumstantial situation
it is infused with the sensibility of a video director
is infused with the sensibility of a video director
infused with the sensibility of a video director
with the sensibility of a video director
it does n't make for completely empty entertainment
in its final surprising shots
its final surprising shots
final surprising shots
's looking for
A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
A certain sexiness
certain sexiness
sexiness
it 's all quite tasteful to look at
's all quite tasteful to look at
quite tasteful to look at
tasteful to look at
One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
though it was written for no one , but somehow
written for no one
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
, just for them
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix --
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix
worth sitting through
making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
down-and-dirty laugher
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces
a handful of virtuosic set pieces
a handful
of virtuosic set pieces
virtuosic set pieces
virtuosic
offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
of trashy , kinky fun
trashy , kinky fun
, kinky fun
kinky fun
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
handed down from the movie gods
from the movie gods
Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
Wiseman is patient and
Wiseman is patient
a legacy
Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
Can be viewed as pure composition and form --
be viewed as pure composition and form --
viewed as pure composition and form --
as pure composition and form --
pure composition and form
pure composition and
pure composition
Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood
a powerfully evocative mood
powerfully evocative mood
powerfully evocative
combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
heated sexuality
One of the best movies of the year .
One of the best movies of the year
of the best movies of the year
the best movies of the year
the best movies
best movies
by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
of a valentine sealed with a kiss
a valentine sealed with a kiss
valentine
sealed with a kiss
Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
in-your-face family drama and black comedy
that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
filled with raw emotions
with raw emotions
raw emotions
But it does have one saving grace .
it does have one saving grace .
have one saving grace
saving grace
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres --
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie
first-class , thoroughly involving
first-class
, thoroughly involving
thoroughly involving
that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
combines two surefire , beloved genres
two surefire , beloved genres
surefire , beloved genres
, beloved genres
beloved genres
beloved
especially clever
Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
, involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
, this is even better than The Fellowship .
this is even better than The Fellowship .
is even better than The Fellowship .
is even better than The Fellowship
even better than The Fellowship
almost saccharine domestic interludes
are pure Hollywood
Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
it will be ,
in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
is a movie that deserves recommendation
a movie that deserves recommendation
that deserves recommendation
deserves recommendation
Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
at this beautifully drawn movie
this beautifully drawn movie
this beautifully
Recoing 's fantastic performance
fantastic performance
does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
definitive explanation
as that sentiment
Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
make a huge action sequence as any director
make a huge action sequence
a huge action sequence
huge action sequence
the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes
got it right the first time
got it right
High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky
High drama , Disney-style
High drama ,
Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks
Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
true intent
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
population
, XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller
a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller
a finely written ,
a finely written
superbly acted offbeat thriller
acted offbeat thriller
offbeat thriller
If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
If not a home run , then at least
a solid base hit .
a solid base
solid base
I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
an actual Vietnam War combat movie
North or South Vietnamese
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
now we 've got something pretty damn close
've got something pretty damn close
got something
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
truly come to care about the main characters
come to care about the main characters
dramatic enough to sustain interest
dramatic enough
get the enjoyable basic minimum
enjoyable basic minimum
enjoyable basic
A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait
shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait
shimmeringly lovely
coming-of-age portrait
, shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
artful , watery tones
The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
has moments of inspired humour ,
has moments of inspired humour
moments of inspired humour
of inspired humour
inspired humour
every scrap is of the darkest variety
but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release
because it has a bigger-name cast
it has a bigger-name cast
has a bigger-name cast
a bigger-name cast
The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
alone is worth the price of admission .
is worth the price of admission .
is worth the price of admission
It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle
's very Beavis and Butthead ,
seems to elicit a chuckle
elicit a chuckle
Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
pleased
to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
Tian 's meticulous talent
meticulous talent
-LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often
making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie ,
making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie
making Kahlo 's art a living ,
making Kahlo 's art a living
catapulting the artist into her own work
catapulting the artist
catapulting
role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade
Beautiful , angry and sad ,
Beautiful , angry and sad
had gone in for pastel landscapes .
pastel landscapes
behind cutesy film references
's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone
mixed-up relationship
little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity
far more interesting than the story at hand
The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
inspiring , ironic , and
inspiring , ironic ,
inspiring , ironic
, a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
hardy group
determined New Zealanders
has proved its creative mettle .
has proved its creative mettle
proved its creative mettle
its creative mettle
creative mettle
mettle
Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy
Brutally honest and
told with humor and poignancy
with humor and poignancy
humor and poignancy
which makes its message resonate .
makes its message resonate .
makes its message resonate
message resonate
Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was
It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
rare for any movie
to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
touching as The Son 's Room
The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
The movie 's seams may show ... but
Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
an irresistibly uncanny ambience
irresistibly uncanny ambience
that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
toward keeping the picture compelling
keeping the picture compelling
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish
some very good comedic songs , strong finish
some very good comedic songs ,
some very good comedic songs
very good comedic songs
strong finish
movie-of-the-week
Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching ,
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching
sharply comic and surprisingly touching
sharply comic and
sharply comic
sharply
surprisingly touching
` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
deal with the subject of love head-on
with the subject of love head-on
love head-on
trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
for reverence and a little wit
a little wit
Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English
, it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
holds the film
together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
a supremely kittenish performance
supremely kittenish
gradually accumulates more layers
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed
has performed a difficult task indeed
performed a difficult task indeed
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and
one of the world 's most fascinating stories
of the world 's most fascinating stories
the world 's most fascinating stories
most fascinating stories
fascinating stories
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems
in a light-hearted way the romantic problems
a light-hearted way the romantic problems
a light-hearted way
light-hearted way
Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast ,
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast
gets vivid , convincing performances
vivid , convincing performances
vivid , convincing
, convincing
from a fine cast
a fine cast
keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
going at a rapid pace , occasionally
going at a rapid pace ,
going at a rapid pace
pilot episode
of a new teen-targeted action TV series
teen-targeted action TV series
been a lighthearted comedy
a lighthearted comedy
lighthearted comedy
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway
be an important movie , or even a good one
an important movie , or even a good one
an important movie , or even
an important movie ,
an important movie
important movie
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision
a nice change of mindless pace in collision
a nice change
nice change
It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
a funny little movie
funny little movie
with clever dialogue and likeable characters
clever dialogue and likeable characters
dialogue and likeable characters
and likeable characters
likeable characters
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
the top and movies
Barney 's
that profound , at least
an hour 's worth of actual material
Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .
Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and
Holm does his sly , intricate magic ,
Holm does his sly , intricate magic
does his sly , intricate magic
his sly , intricate magic
sly , intricate magic
, intricate magic
intricate magic
Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
, Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment
all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment
of a handsome and well-made entertainment
a handsome and well-made entertainment
handsome and well-made entertainment
and well-made entertainment
well-made entertainment
It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
both people 's capacity
their heroic capacity for good
their heroic capacity
A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
A damn fine and
A damn fine
a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent
truly distinctive and
truly distinctive
your kids
Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
Meyjes ' provocative film
provocative film
Observant intelligence
This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
This gorgeous epic
gorgeous epic
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family
guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family
to lift the spirits of the whole family
lift the spirits of the whole family
lift
whole family
Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
and narrative flow
together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
a stark portrait
of motherhood deferred and desire
motherhood
deferred and desire
Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
A tone poem of transgression .
discovered , indulged in
Has all the hallmarks of a movie
all the hallmarks of a movie
the hallmarks
so insatiable
absorbs all manner of lame entertainment
One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
those terrific documentaries
terrific documentaries
that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
people who are enthusiastic about something and then
who are enthusiastic about something and then
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm
how to make us share their enthusiasm
to make us share their enthusiasm
make us share their enthusiasm
us share their enthusiasm
share their enthusiasm
their enthusiasm
` Sophisticated ' viewers
fellow sophisticates
Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating
charming , sometimes infuriating
charming ,
this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
Argentinean ` dramedy '
dramedy '
succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
succeeds mainly
on the shoulders of its actors
Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
a few nice twists in a standard plot and
a few nice twists in a standard plot
a few nice twists
few nice twists
nice twists
the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
the charisma
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool
and whirling fight sequences
may look cool
Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
provide insight
into a fascinating part of theater history
a fascinating part of theater history
a fascinating part
fascinating part
of theater history
there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue
's a certain style and wit to the dialogue
a certain style and wit to the dialogue
a certain style and wit
certain style and wit
style and wit
It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death
reaffirms life
a popcorn film , not a must-own ,
a must-own
even a must-see
An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey
emotionally and spiritually compelling journey
emotionally and spiritually compelling
spiritually
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
seen through the right eyes
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
right actors
with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
of visual flair
that shows what great cinema can really do
shows what great cinema can really do
what great cinema can really do
great cinema can really do
Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic
With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
We Were Soldiers
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
that beneath the familiar , funny surface
beneath the familiar , funny surface
the familiar , funny surface
familiar , funny surface
familiar , funny
, funny
is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one
a far bigger , far more meaningful story
far bigger , far more meaningful story
, far more meaningful story
far more meaningful story
far more meaningful
more meaningful
With this new Rollerball
A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
tooled action thriller about love and terrorism
An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
confection that 's pure entertainment .
confection that 's pure entertainment
that 's pure entertainment
's pure entertainment
pure entertainment
One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
flawless amounts
flawless
story and pace
Where This was lazy but enjoyable
This was lazy but enjoyable
was lazy but enjoyable
lazy but enjoyable
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars
redeemed by its stars
redeemed
I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you
're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
, this is the movie for you
this is the movie for you
is the movie for you
the movie for you
entertainment .
The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .
The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
The structure is simple , but
in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
, Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
as grand as The Lord of the Rings
grand as The Lord of the Rings
The Lord of the Rings
If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
the honor
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off ,
You feel good , you feel sad ,
You feel good , you feel sad
You feel good ,
You feel good
in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
, you feel alive - which is what they did
you feel alive - which is what they did
feel alive - which is what they did
feel alive -
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope :
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope
thriller remarkable
of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and
two fine actors , Morgan Freeman
two fine actors ,
two fine actors
fine actors
does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan .
Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
'' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past ,
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past
timelessness
of Disney 's great past
Disney 's great past
great past
more recent successes
recent successes
successes
settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp
Boasts enough funny
enough funny
dialogue and sharp
characterizations to be mildly amusing
to be mildly amusing
be mildly amusing
exactly what it wants to be
it wants to be
almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it
willingness to believe in it
Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers .
is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
engaging historical drama
in favor of sentimental war movies
favor of sentimental war movies
of sentimental war movies
sentimental war movies
of ` We Were Soldiers
An impressive hybrid .
impressive hybrid .
've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
an exhilarating exploration
exhilarating exploration
It has the right approach and the right opening premise ,
It has the right approach and the right opening premise
has the right approach and the right opening premise
the right approach and the right opening premise
the right approach and
the right approach
right approach
the right opening premise
right opening premise
trusting the material
trusting
Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution .
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
innovations and glimpse
innovations and
` cultural revolution
about either the nature of women or
that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
of purpose and taste
purpose and taste
A surprisingly funny movie .
A surprisingly funny movie
surprisingly funny movie
surprisingly funny
of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
proficient ,
, -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
the feral intensity
feral intensity
Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
playful but highly studied and
playful but highly studied
highly studied
for its success on a patient viewer
its success on a patient viewer
its success
a patient viewer
Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .
Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language
the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language
the rueful , wry humor
rueful , wry humor
wry humor
springing
Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
than ` Magnifique '
than ` Magnifique
Magnifique
has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days ,
the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days
glorious , gaudy benefit
of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
very well done
their parents , wise folks that they are , read books
their parents , wise folks that they are
wise folks that they are
Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
America 's thirst
thirst
is his best film yet ...
is his best film yet
is his best film
One of the best rock documentaries ever .
One of the best rock
of the best rock
the best rock
best rock
will nevertheless find moving .
will nevertheless find moving
Glass 's dirgelike score
With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
Dickens ' words
writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
even-toned direction
, a ripping good yarn is told .
a ripping good yarn is told .
a ripping good yarn
good yarn
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly
dramatic comedy
as pleasantly
Let 's face it --
see Crossroads
big fans
-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .
-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards
-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and
-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB-
makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB-
good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB-
good B movies
The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards
The Scorpion King more than ably
more than ably
meets those standards
goofy , life-affirming moments
, life-affirming moments
life-affirming moments
Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
the modern day
finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for
the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for
the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and
the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow
the worthy successor
worthy successor
to A Better Tomorrow
which they have been patiently waiting for
they have been patiently waiting for
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable
yet it proves surprisingly serviceable
it proves surprisingly serviceable
proves surprisingly serviceable
surprisingly serviceable
bowser
, this is surely what they 'd look like .
A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours
A big-budget\/all-star movie
big-budget\/all-star movie
unblinkingly pure as The Hours
unblinkingly pure as
unblinkingly pure
is a distinct rarity , and an event .
is a distinct rarity , and an event
a distinct rarity , and an event
a distinct rarity , and
a distinct rarity
distinct rarity
rarity
A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .
A huge box-office hit in Korea
A huge box-office
huge box-office
, Shiri is a must for genre fans .
Shiri is a must for genre fans .
is a must for genre fans .
is a must for genre fans
is a must
for genre fans
update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
beloved genre
sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
pack 'em in on the subcontinent
A wonderful , ghastly film .
A wonderful , ghastly film
wonderful , ghastly film
wonderful , ghastly
As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated
Abbass 's understated
, shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
shining performance
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life
wants to break free of her old life
to break free of her old life
break free of her old life
focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
familiar to traverse uncharted ground
A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices
the power of strong voices
of strong voices
strong voices
It 's stylishly directed with verve ...
's stylishly directed with verve ...
's stylishly directed with verve
stylishly directed with verve
stylishly
directed with verve
with verve
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
a smart comedy
smart comedy
to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style
a vivid imagination and an impressive style
a vivid imagination and
a vivid imagination
vivid imagination
an impressive style
impressive style
in some terrific setpieces
some terrific setpieces
terrific setpieces
It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias ,
a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias
a strength
a documentary to disregard available bias
documentary to disregard available bias
as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise
as temptingly easy
an electric pencil sharpener
A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie
A pretty decent kid-pleasing ,
A pretty decent kid-pleasing
pretty decent kid-pleasing
decent kid-pleasing
A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
highly professional film
professional film
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
in all the best possible ways
all the best possible ways
the best possible ways
best possible ways
best possible
You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
You 're not merely watching history
're not merely watching history
, you 're engulfed by it .
you 're engulfed by it .
're engulfed by it .
White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
A fast-paced
I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ,
'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
found this a remarkable and novel concept
this a remarkable and novel concept
a remarkable and novel concept
a remarkable and novel
remarkable and novel
All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale
of a good vampire tale
a good vampire tale
good vampire tale
are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
that is actually funny with the material
is actually funny with the material
funny with the material
Ya-Ya 's
his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay
his characters stage
matches about it .
a Jackie Chan movie
physically caught up in the process
What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
childhood innocence
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
miraculous
it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
more than adequately fills the eyes and
adequately fills the eyes
fills the eyes
stirs the emotions
a new idea
A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
tour de
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
the astonishingly pivotal role
astonishingly pivotal role
astonishingly pivotal
of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
the soulful development
soulful development
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting
Scorsese 's bold images
generally smart casting
generally smart
that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
`` Gangs '' is never lethargic
'' is never lethargic
is never lethargic
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
the film works in spite of it
spite of it
bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival
with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award
Waldo Salt Screenwriting award
Screenwriting award
at 2002 's Sundance Festival
Sundance Festival
honoring
attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
actually pulling it off
to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
Miss Congeniality
A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
A thoroughly entertaining comedy that
thoroughly entertaining comedy that
thoroughly entertaining
uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos
uses Grant 's own twist of acidity
Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- ,
is smarter and subtler
smarter and subtler
for fun-seeking summer audiences
fun-seeking summer audiences
fun-seeking
Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .
Chamber of Secrets
will find millions of eager fans .
will find millions of eager fans
find millions of eager fans
millions of eager fans
of eager fans
eager fans
snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
that likely
upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
of more appealing holiday-season product
more appealing holiday-season product
more appealing
comedy special
If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
, there are great rewards here .
there are great rewards here .
are great rewards here .
are great rewards here
are great rewards
great rewards
Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
Among the many pleasures
many pleasures
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations
the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations
the lively intelligence of the artists and
the lively intelligence of the artists
the lively intelligence
lively intelligence
their perceptiveness about their own situations
The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding --
reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
a vastly improved Germanic version
vastly improved Germanic version
vastly improved
with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and
better characters ,
better characters
some genuine quirkiness
genuine quirkiness
a measure of style
Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
Posey
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and
suitably kooky which should appeal to women
kooky which should appeal to women
which should appeal to women
should appeal to women
appeal to women
enough to keep men
alert , if not
It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
a high-end John Hughes comedy ,
a high-end John Hughes comedy
John Hughes comedy
Hughes comedy
an earnest moment
earnest moment
to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
Simple , poignant and leavened with humor
Simple , poignant and leavened
, poignant and leavened
poignant and leavened
with humor
, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
nourishing aspects
of love and companionship
companionship
case while
for us
dictums
This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
This seductive tease of a thriller
This seductive tease
gets the job done .
The movie is ingenious fun .
is ingenious fun .
is ingenious fun
ingenious fun
creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty
a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty
of near-hypnotic physical beauty
near-hypnotic physical beauty
physical beauty
tells a story
Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting ,
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting
that is often quite rich and exciting
is often quite rich and exciting
quite rich and exciting
rich and exciting
a beauty to behold
beauty to behold
Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
Like a child with an important message to tell ...
Like a child with an important message to tell
a child with an important message to tell
with an important message to tell
an important message to tell
important message to tell
-LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
-RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
the intentions are lofty
seem at least passably real
at least passably real
at least passably
real contenders
contenders
For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
For devotees of French cinema
, Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
is so rich with period minutiae
so rich with period minutiae
rich with period minutiae
it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
celluloid heaven
As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
, Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat
glides gracefully from male persona to female
glides
fly with most intelligent viewers
with most intelligent viewers
most intelligent viewers
Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
, the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence
a cinematic fluidity and sense
cinematic fluidity and sense
fluidity and sense
makes it work more than it probably should
probably should
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson ,
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
a brilliant , honest performance
brilliant , honest performance
, honest performance
honest performance
except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
the fantastic Kathy Bates
fantastic Kathy Bates
look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
they do best - being teenagers
do best -
a great director at the helm
a great director
great director
at the helm
of lazy humor
Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
manages a neat trick
a neat trick
neat trick
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance
of perversity , comedy and romance
, comedy and romance
into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
a strangely tempting bouquet
strangely tempting bouquet
strangely tempting
an ultra-loud blast
's actually pretty funny , but
's actually pretty funny ,
's actually pretty funny
There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
exuberance in All
About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
that 's hard to resist
's hard to resist
hard to resist
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation
experimentation and improvisation
it is nevertheless compelling
is nevertheless compelling
is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
a masterpiece of nuance and characterization ,
a masterpiece of nuance and characterization
of nuance and characterization
Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery
Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper
Playfully profound ... and
Playfully profound ...
Playfully profound
Playfully
a skyscraper
surrounded by open windows
open windows
-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
explosive physical energy and
explosive physical energy
physical energy
convincing intelligence
helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
helps create a complex , unpredictable character
create a complex , unpredictable character
complex , unpredictable character
Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
Both a beautifully
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
made nature film and a tribute
nature film and a tribute
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
this region and its inhabitants
this region and
still shines in her quiet blue eyes
shines in her quiet blue eyes
Dense , exhilarating documentary .
Dense , exhilarating documentary
exhilarating documentary
dreamed up
The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
tendency
, is wry and engrossing .
is wry and engrossing .
wry and engrossing
a tearjerker
As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
, actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
is perfectly creepy and believable .
is perfectly creepy and believable
perfectly creepy and believable
creepy and believable
It 's not a bad plot ;
all the classic dramas
classic dramas
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
a perceptive study
in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
liked a lot of the smaller scenes
a lot of the smaller scenes
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen
recreating it an in an African idiom
What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey
a compelling look
compelling look
credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson
Insanely hilarious !
Insanely hilarious
real narrative logic
carefully choreographed
The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about
works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway
I 'm almost recommending it , anyway
recommending it ,
recommending it
recommending
, but certainly to people with a curiosity about
with a curiosity about
go very right ,
go very right
very right
took of the family vacation
of the family vacation
the talents of its attractive young leads
of its attractive young leads
its attractive young leads
attractive young leads
very special type
creatively
hunk
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
many conclusive answers in the film
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
an interesting story
interesting story
of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy
pointed personalities , courage ,
pointed personalities
to look at or understand
enhance
the self-image
The performances are remarkable .
are remarkable .
are remarkable
be quirky and funny
quirky and funny
play well
the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama
real heroism and abject suffering
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism ,
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar
wonderfully lush
is pure punk existentialism
Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
dramatized
felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy
A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
smart , sassy and
smart , sassy
exceptionally charming
's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
portrayed with almost supernatural powers
humble , teach and ultimately
humble , teach and
humble , teach
mentally `` superior '' friends
mentally `` superior ''
`` superior ''
superior ''
bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
as their natural instinct for self-preservation
their natural instinct for self-preservation
of good acting
good acting
Carvey 's glory days
glory days
Carvey 's considerable talents
pays tribute
The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
The beauty of the piece
is that it counts heart as important as humor .
that it counts heart as important as humor
it counts heart as important as humor
counts heart as important as humor
heart as important as humor
as important as humor
is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society .
courage ''
huckster lapel
A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .
A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans
A directorial tour de force
directorial tour de force
be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill
A straight-ahead thriller that
A straight-ahead thriller
straight-ahead thriller
rises above superficiality .
rises above superficiality
above superficiality
It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film ,
remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film
one of a really solid Woody Allen film
of a really solid Woody Allen film
a really solid Woody Allen film
really solid Woody Allen film
really solid
with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
its excellent use
of New York locales and sharp writing
New York locales and sharp writing
sharp writing
are made of little moments .
made of little moments
Wise and deadpan humorous .
Wise and deadpan
humorous .
undermining the story 's emotional thrust
pleasuring its audience
pleasuring
The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
is a hoot , and
is a hoot ,
is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
as good , if not better
as good , if not
as good ,
as good
` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
's the Russian word for Wow !? '
the Russian word for Wow !? '
fabuleux
A very pretty after-school special
A very pretty after-school
very pretty
Catch it ... if you can !
Catch it ... if you can
This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale
real-life Hollywood fairy-tale
is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces
engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces
It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
Scott 's convincing portrayal
convincing portrayal
Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
that really gives the film its oomph
really gives the film its oomph
Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy
for humor and bite
humor and bite
A film that will enthrall the whole family .
film that will enthrall the whole family .
film that will enthrall the whole family
that will enthrall the whole family
will enthrall the whole family
enthrall the whole family
enthrall
True to its animatronic roots :
True to its animatronic roots
as a mechanical apparatus
power-lunchers
in all its director 's cut glory ,
in all its director 's cut glory
its director 's cut glory
It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written ,
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written
a head-turner
head-turner
-- thoughtfully written
thoughtfully written
beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
beautifully read and , finally ,
beautifully read and
beautifully read
deeply humanizing
humanizing
To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
, it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
Kong action cinema
A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
A poignant comedy that offers food for
A poignant comedy
poignant comedy
as original
While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
, Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
Iwai 's gorgeous visuals
Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury
Extraordinary debut
Smothered
its own solemnity
Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
often achieves a level of connection and concern
achieves a level of connection and concern
a level of connection and concern
connection and concern
create characters
as punching bags
Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
a funny , puzzling movie
funny , puzzling movie
ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
ambiguous enough to be engaging and
ambiguous enough to be engaging
to be engaging
be engaging
oddly moving
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
an ` A ' list cast and
an ` A ' list cast
` A ' list cast
A ' list cast
some strong supporting players
strong supporting players
enjoy the movie
It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .
It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer
It 's no lie
no lie
Big Fat Liar is a real charmer
A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
A witty , low-key romantic comedy
A witty
low-key romantic comedy
to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
, `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter
is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn
funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn
funny , harmless and as substantial
funny , harmless and
funny , harmless
as substantial
with extra butter
Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but
Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards ,
Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards
Spirit is a visual treat , and
Spirit is a visual treat ,
Spirit is a visual treat
is a visual treat
a visual treat
visual treat
it takes chances that are bold by studio standards
takes chances that are bold by studio standards
bold by studio standards
a strong narrative
strong narrative
Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .
Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
Implicitly
acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
acknowledges and celebrates
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion
of businesses
for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
the most oddly honest Hollywood document
most oddly honest Hollywood document
most oddly honest
oddly honest
Much of The Lady and the Duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes
quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite
quiet , decisive moments
, decisive moments
decisive
cultural elite
elite
The movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects
is pretty funny
now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects
without in any way demeaning its subjects
A movie that 's held
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ...
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
a treat --
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy
delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy
, witty , improbable romantic comedy
witty , improbable romantic comedy
with a zippy jazzy score
a zippy jazzy score
zippy jazzy score
jazzy score
Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
make it look as though they are having so much fun
it look as though they are having so much fun
look as though they are having so much fun
as though they are having so much fun
though they are having so much fun
they are having so much fun
are having so much fun
having so much fun
Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing
the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty
the extremely competent hitman films
extremely competent hitman films
extremely competent
It 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits
catching solely on its visual merits
its visual merits
visual merits
head and heart
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky
A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
A sharp and quick documentary
sharp and quick documentary
sharp and quick
sharp and
that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
is funny and pithy ,
is funny and pithy
funny and pithy
while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
find an enthusiastic audience
an enthusiastic audience
enthusiastic audience
American action-adventure buffs
action-adventure buffs
It 's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .
's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .
's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure
a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure
a fun adventure movie
fun adventure movie
adventure movie
for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure
kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent ,
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days :
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
do n't see often enough these days
realistic , urgent
A great script
great script
invited to the party
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances
despite some first-rate performances
some first-rate performances
first-rate performances
No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
a minimalist Beauty and
a minimalist Beauty
the Beast should definitely get top billing
should definitely get top billing
get top billing
top billing
Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
Fast-paced and wonderfully edited
Fast-paced and
wonderfully edited
, the film is extremely thorough .
the film is extremely thorough .
is extremely thorough .
is extremely thorough
extremely thorough
Gives everyone something to shout about .
Gives everyone something
Gives everyone
A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film
A showcase
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains
both the scenic splendor of the mountains
both the scenic splendor
the scenic splendor
scenic splendor
legendary actor Michel Serrault
actor Michel Serrault
successful on other levels
on other levels
otherwise good movie
otherwise good
make the film relevant today ,
make the film relevant today
the story relevant in the first place
the first place
first place
The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
exactly assured in its execution
assured in its execution
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness
notable for its sheer audacity and openness
for its sheer audacity and openness
sheer audacity and openness
audacity and openness
Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
they sometimes still can be made
can be made
True to its title
The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
hot topics
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
relegated to the background -- a welcome step
to the background -- a welcome step
the background -- a welcome step
a welcome step
welcome step
the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
current Americanized adaptation
Evil Dead II
There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
about the plight of American Indians in modern America
that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
a welcome , if downbeat , missive
welcome , if downbeat , missive
Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach
abstract approach
Nijinsky
is both stimulating and demanding .
is both stimulating and demanding
stimulating and demanding
stimulating and
While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB- , Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans
much interest
in the
, Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
About Something is an amicable endeavor .
is an amicable endeavor .
is an amicable endeavor
an amicable endeavor
amicable
The film is a fierce dance of destruction .
a fierce dance
a smutty guilty pleasure
get a kick out of goofy Brits
a kick out of goofy Brits
a kick
And that makes all the difference .
that makes all the difference .
makes all the difference .
makes all the difference
made , on all levels ,
on all levels
Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree
being invited to a classy dinner soiree
invited to a classy dinner soiree
to a classy dinner soiree
a classy dinner soiree
classy dinner soiree
Barker movie
real emotional impact
You 'll probably love it .
'll probably love it .
'll probably love it
psychological thriller
An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls
An involving , inspirational drama
involving , inspirational drama
, inspirational drama
inspirational drama
A sense of real magic , perhaps .
A sense of real magic , perhaps
real magic , perhaps
real magic ,
real magic
Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
gives a performance that is masterly .
gives a performance that is masterly
a performance that is masterly
that is masterly
is masterly
masterly
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination ,
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
, Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
is a triumph of imagination
a triumph of imagination
s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance
s face is chillingly unemotive ,
he communicates a great deal in his performance
communicates a great deal in his performance
A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
A heady , biting , be-bop
heady , biting , be-bop
ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and
the lengths
protective cocoon
as entertaining as the final hour
entertaining as the final hour
would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation
have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
amusing enough
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent
, offering fine acting moments and pungent
offering fine acting moments and pungent
offering fine acting moments and
offering fine acting moments
fine acting moments
the intellectual and emotional impact
intellectual and emotional impact
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
full well
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast
the earnestness
of its execution and skill of its cast
its execution and skill of its cast
its execution and skill
execution and skill
take you down a familiar road with a few twists
a familiar road with a few twists
familiar road
This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre
does justice
good actors , even Kingsley ,
good actors , even Kingsley
If you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
a reasonably good time
reasonably good time
reasonably good
They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
, they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
neighborhood
Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack ,
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack
has a true cinematic knack
a true cinematic knack
true cinematic knack
cinematic knack
it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly ,
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly
's also nice to see a movie with its heart
's also nice
also nice
to see a movie with its heart
see a movie with its heart
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
of liveliness
liveliness
a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
a few ear-pleasing songs
ear-pleasing songs
ear-pleasing
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances ,
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances
co-stars
give committed performances
committed performances
The film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
an enjoyably
frothy ` date movie ' ...
frothy ` date movie
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
an entertaining ride
entertaining ride
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
the intricate preciseness
intricate preciseness
of the best short story writing
the best short story writing
best short story writing
best short
It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
, sobering , heart-felt drama
sobering , heart-felt drama
, heart-felt drama
heart-felt drama
heart-felt
The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ,
The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist
a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist
a successful example
successful example
of the lovable-loser protagonist
the lovable-loser protagonist
shows deft comic timing .
deft comic timing
daytime TV serviceability , but little more
and ,
Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
Canada 's arctic light
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
breathes extraordinary life
Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
smart-aleck movie
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
intriguing questions
I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
A deliberative account of a lifestyle
one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
extant stardom
Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
eighties
does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject --
does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject
does a great combination act
a great combination act
great combination act
taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
part biography , part entertainment and part history
part biography , part entertainment and
part biography , part entertainment
Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity
characteristically startling visual style and
characteristically startling visual style
an almost palpable sense of intensity
fleshed-out enough to build any interest
, this could be a passable date film .
could be a passable date film
be a passable date film
a passable date film
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir ,
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir
are in place for a great film noir
in place for a great film noir
place for a great film noir
for a great film noir
a great film noir
great film noir
George Hickenlooper 's
A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
keep you engaged
, but it 's not without style
's not without style
A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing
A superlative B movie --
A superlative B movie
superlative
funny , sexy , and rousing
sexy , and rousing
, and rousing
to video
voyeuristic spectacle
but certainly not without merit
certainly not without merit
not without merit
One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
One of the most original American productions this year
of the most original American productions this year
the most original American productions this year
the most original American productions
most original American productions
, you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State
yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State
remembering this refreshing visit
this refreshing visit
refreshing visit
to a Sunshine State
seems worth the effort .
seems worth the effort
worth the effort
the baseball-playing monkey
From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
its invitingly upbeat overture to
its invitingly upbeat overture
invitingly upbeat overture
invitingly upbeat
its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming
ultimately life-affirming
, Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
is a masterfully conducted work .
is a masterfully conducted work
is a masterfully
Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
Poignant Japanese epic
Japanese epic
Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
sports aficionados
a stadium-seat megaplex
hip-hop indie Snipes
preachy-keen
tub-thumpingly
Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious
self-conscious but often hilarious
Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
watching A Walk To Remember
doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke
's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances ,
's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
Washington demands and receives excellent performances
demands and receives excellent performances
Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later
is extremely funny ,
is extremely funny
extremely funny
the first part making up for any flaws that come later
making up for any flaws that come later
echo of allusions
Psychologically revealing .
Psychologically revealing
eviction
horizons
interesting concept
All three women deliver remarkable performances .
deliver remarkable performances .
deliver remarkable performances
Leigh makes these lives count .
makes these lives count .
makes these lives count
these lives count
lives count
This is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch .
is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
a nicely
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB-
into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
tragic coming-of-age saga
superhero
dystopia
a thing that already knows it 's won
that already knows it 's won
already knows it 's won
knows it 's won
it 's won
What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
's really so appealing about the characters
so appealing about the characters
appealing about the characters
is their resemblance to everyday children .
Soderbergh faithful
the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
casual moviegoer
be lured in by Julia Roberts
lured in by Julia Roberts
by Julia Roberts
should share screenwriting credit
It is quite a vision .
is quite a vision .
quite a vision
I like this movie a lot .
like this movie a lot .
like this movie a lot
An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher
An old-fashioned drama
of substance about a teacher
the powerful
Manages to delight without much of a story .
eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X.
, you can do no wrong with Jason X.
you can do no wrong with Jason X.
can do no wrong with Jason X.
do no wrong with Jason X.
do no wrong
no wrong
If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star
, wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .
seen him eight stories tall
him eight stories tall
Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .
miss you .
Eric Byler 's nuanced pic
avoids easy sentiments and explanations
While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
, The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
the river
You may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping
your toes wo n't still be tapping
wo n't still be tapping
While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
love interest
this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
is a riveting , brisk delight .
is a riveting , brisk delight
a riveting , brisk delight
riveting , brisk delight
, brisk delight
brisk delight
Coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
Coy but exhilarating
, with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes
really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes
really solid performances
you see this film you 'll know too
thinks it 's hilarious
it 's hilarious
's hilarious
No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .
was utterly charming .
was utterly charming
Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection
look so appealing on third or fourth viewing
so appealing on third or fourth viewing
third or fourth viewing
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
high concept vehicle
for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
two bright stars
bright stars
of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
rise to fans ' lofty expectations
, the movie passes inspection
the movie passes inspection
Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
acquires an undeniable entertainment value
an undeniable entertainment value
undeniable entertainment value
as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby
Third time 's the charm ...
Third time 's the charm
yeah , baby
yeah
Quietly engaging .
engaging .
this modest little number
It 's always enthralling .
's always enthralling .
's always enthralling
a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
inside an enigma
Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema
Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema
as an important , original talent in international cinema
an important , original talent in international cinema
an important , original talent
important , original talent
, original talent
original talent
more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
on an emotional level , funnier , and
on an emotional level , funnier ,
an emotional level , funnier ,
an emotional level , funnier
something hip and transgressive
something hip
refused
Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .
Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
an intense indoor drama
indoor drama
about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
compassion , sacrifice ,
compassion ,
Christian love
The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
is now outselling the electric guitar ...
outselling the electric guitar
Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
have a 90-minute , four-star movie
a 90-minute , four-star movie
90-minute , four-star movie
, four-star movie
four-star movie
four-star
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
the most entertaining moments
most entertaining moments
The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight
are just two of the elements that will grab you .
are just two of the elements that will grab you
just two of the elements that will grab you
just two
of the elements that will grab you
the elements that will grab you
will grab you
grab you
Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have
take you places you have n't been , and also places you have
settles on a consistent tone .
A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr
to be the cat 's meow
be the cat 's meow
it 's good enough to be the purr
's good enough to be the purr
good enough to be the purr
purr
gaping enough to pilot
exquisite trappings
threefold expansion
his usual high melodramatic style
high melodramatic style
The observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
The observations
are canny and spiced with irony .
are canny and spiced with irony
canny and spiced
canny and
spiced
have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters
an enormous feeling
enormous feeling
of empathy for its characters
Jim Carrey
Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
proud warrior
Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
sympathizing
be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
than awe
One of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
One of the smarter offerings the horror genre
of the smarter offerings the horror genre
the smarter offerings the horror genre
the smarter offerings
smarter offerings
has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised
the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments
-LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments
funniest moments
A funny film .
funny film .
Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ...
performers who rarely work in movies now
drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
drawing flavorful performances
flavorful performances
flavorful
The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable ,
The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable
is admirable
is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival
a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival
a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern ,
quiet endurance , of common concern ,
quiet endurance
If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind
the right B-movie frame of mind
, it may just scare the pants off you .
may just scare the pants off you .
scare the pants off you
scare the pants
Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
, Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ,
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director
represents an engaging and intimate first feature
an engaging and intimate first feature
engaging and intimate first feature
engaging and intimate
by a talented director
a talented director
it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
a worthy entry
worthy entry
Weiss and
make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes
a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes
a convincing case
these two 20th-century footnotes
20th-century footnotes
Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
, it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon
waltzed itself into the art film pantheon
into the art film pantheon
Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
: Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
Land Beyond Time
is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily
is an enjoyable Big Movie
an enjoyable Big Movie
enjoyable Big Movie
because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
is a weirdly beautiful place
a weirdly beautiful place
weirdly beautiful place
weirdly beautiful
Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
-LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
, you still have to see this !
you still have to see this !
still have to see this !
have to see this !
have to see this
see this
a matinee price
matinee price
a big tub
, there 's guilty fun to be had here .
there 's guilty fun to be had here .
's guilty fun to be had here .
's guilty fun to be had here
guilty fun to be had here
fun to be had here
that works .
Although ... visually striking and slickly staged
... visually striking and slickly staged
visually striking and slickly staged
striking and
slickly staged
slickly
A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
, we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
only wish we could have spent more time in its world
wish we could have spent more time in its world
Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
, Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
a winning comedy
winning comedy
that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
excites the imagination and
excites the imagination
excites
the imagination
tickles the funny bone
tickles
may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece .
may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
-LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
main asset
the vital action sequences
vital action sequences
were all comedy
May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
pungent bite
it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
an enjoyable trifle
enjoyable trifle
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
even 3 Oscar winners
3 Oscar winners
it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
's a nice girl-buddy movie
a nice girl-buddy movie
nice girl-buddy movie
it gets rock-n-rolling
gets rock-n-rolling
Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue
a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue
a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
a splendid job
-- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
casting excellent Latin actors of all ages
excellent Latin actors of all ages
excellent Latin actors
a trend long overdue
long overdue
be funny
during World War II
Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story
both as a historical study and as a tragic love story
as a historical study and as a tragic love story
a tragic love story
Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ;
Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers
are charming performers
charming performers
things will turn out
will turn out
of joy and energy
joy and energy
positively Shakesperean
shine through the gloomy film noir veil
Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written
remains fairly light ,
always entertaining , and smartly written
always entertaining , and
always entertaining ,
smartly written
A marvel of production design .
A marvel of production design
A marvel
Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
's Lovely and Amazing ,
's Lovely and Amazing
from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films
to the head of the class of women 's films
the head of the class of women 's films
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
sentimental chick-flicks
treating female follies
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating ,
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating
are actually fascinating
the filmmaking in Invincible
has all the outward elements of the original
all the outward elements of the original
lovely flakiness
funniness
Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie
the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie
scope and
of an especially well-executed television movie
an especially well-executed television movie
especially well-executed television movie
especially well-executed
it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
terrific insider
look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
the star-making machinery of tinseltown
the star-making machinery
star-making
The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
The complex , politically charged tapestry
complex , politically charged tapestry
, politically charged tapestry
politically charged
of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
this exciting new filmmaker
exciting new filmmaker
is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
like nothing we Westerners have seen before
Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail
with honest performances and exceptional detail
honest performances and exceptional detail
honest performances and
honest performances
exceptional detail
Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
a gentle film
gentle film
with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
dramatic punch
a haunting ode to humanity
Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature
beguiling serenity and poise
beguiling
serenity and poise
poise
presumes
alone conscious of each other 's existence
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
well worth revisiting as many times as possible
well worth revisiting as many times
well worth revisiting
worth revisiting
A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
A fascinating , bombshell documentary
fascinating , bombshell documentary
bombshell documentary
bombshell
And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
self-aware , often self-mocking ,
For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
intrigued
the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
is every bit as fascinating
every bit as fascinating
as fascinating
Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
to be released in IMAX format
released in IMAX format
If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
to fulfill its own ambitious goals
fulfill its own ambitious goals
own ambitious goals
it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material
sustains interest
of expository material
It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
is nonjudgmental , and
of the clients
clients
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
that leaks suspension
Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
stimulating & heart-rate-raising
& heart-rate-raising
heart-rate-raising
as any James Bond thriller
James Bond thriller
Bond thriller
Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
Mostly honest
, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully
reveals itself slowly , intelligently ,
reveals itself slowly , intelligently
reveals itself slowly ,
I could n't recommend this film more .
could n't recommend this film more .
could n't recommend this film more
recommend this film more
recommend this film
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving
it reveals
are universal and involving
universal and involving
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy
itself -- as well its delightful cast --
-- as well its delightful cast --
as well its delightful cast --
as well its delightful cast
its delightful cast
delightful cast
, pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
pretty and gifted
, it really won my heart
it really won my heart
really won my heart
won my heart
Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque
she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
vibrant and intoxicating fashion
vibrant and intoxicating
vibrant and
Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
Touches smartly and wistfully
smartly and wistfully
smartly and
on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ...
a helping hand
friendly kick
in the pants
The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache
The artwork is spectacular and
The artwork is spectacular
The artwork
artwork
is spectacular
unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache
from Japan
, the characters move with grace and panache
the characters move with grace and panache
move with grace and panache
with grace and panache
grace and panache
It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
strikes hardest
hardest
when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
how pertinent its dynamics remain
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances ,
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances
give strong and convincing performances
strong and convincing performances
strong and convincing
into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
of passion , grief and fear
A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women
about female friendship that men can embrace and women
female friendship that men can embrace and
female friendship that men can embrace
will talk about for hours .
will talk about for hours
talk about for hours
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in
as some of the better drug-related pictures
some of the better drug-related pictures
of the better drug-related pictures
it still manages to get a few punches in
still manages to get a few punches in
a few punches
buddy cop comedy
set out to lampoon , anyway
Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises
layered , well-developed characters and some surprises
layered , well-developed characters and
layered , well-developed characters
, well-developed characters
some surprises
Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets .
to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets
for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB-
the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB-
way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB-
-LRB- and better -RRB-
-LRB- and better
Pink Floyd tickets
Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
sexy , funny and touching .
sexy , funny and touching
, funny and touching
grab me
there 's stuff here to like
's stuff here to like
's stuff
A domestic melodrama
It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration
a rare window on an artistic collaboration
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
is constantly
Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments
with witty dialogue and inventive moments
witty dialogue and inventive moments
dialogue and inventive moments
and inventive moments
inventive moments
sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
make a clear point --
make a clear point
a clear point
clear point
The cinematic equivalent
artistes
Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts
-- and far less crass -
-- and far less crass
far less crass
professionals
a well-acted television melodrama
well-acted television melodrama
elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
the true wonder
true wonder
is the number of lasting images all its own .
the number of lasting images all its own
of lasting images all its own
lasting images all its own
lasting images
Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game
Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and
Still , the pulse never disappears entirely ,
crosses the finish line winded but still game
's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost
with an innocent yet fervid conviction
innocent yet fervid
fervid
Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
an extraordinary poignancy ,
an extraordinary poignancy
extraordinary poignancy
itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
be played out in any working class community in the nation
any working class community
A tour de force of modern cinema .
A tour de force of modern cinema
A tour de force
Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
the biggest names in Japanese anime ,
the biggest names in Japanese anime
biggest names
with impressive results
impressive results
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
, entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive
entertaining and , ultimately ,
Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
Offers a persuasive
a persuasive
the park
Opening up
closed
in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative
spellbinding fun and
spellbinding fun
spellbinding
deliciously exploitative
The problem with ANTWONE FISHER
is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
are included
is completely at sea
Garden music video
Clarke-Williams 's
thriller `` New Best Friend ''
`` New Best Friend ''
New Best Friend ''
Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner
`` Project Greenlight '' winner
Project Greenlight '' winner
'' winner
It 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
presented with great sympathy and intelligence
with great sympathy and intelligence
great sympathy and intelligence
sympathy and intelligence
, Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video
the bucks
the full price for a date
full price
comes out on video
it 's well worth a rental .
's well worth a rental .
's well worth a rental
's well
worth a rental
Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory --
all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory
comprehend it
Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life
to a film about a family 's joyous life
about a family 's joyous life
joyous life
Yiddish stage
the way this all works out
this all works out
all works out
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
Much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
attentive
A fascinating but choppy documentary
fascinating but choppy documentary
to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
Wilson and Murphy
in a more ambitious movie
a more ambitious movie
An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed ,
I 'll go out on a limb .
A brutal and funny work .
A brutal and funny
brutal and funny
cinema history as the only movie ever
the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century America .
its objective portrait
twenty-first
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan ,
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
a highly ambitious and personal project
highly ambitious and personal project
highly ambitious and personal
ambitious and personal
to his best work
his best work
best work
to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
iconic hero
iconic
doing battle
It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times
of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times
Jewish parents
save their children
He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
better actor
The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers
a verbal duel between two gifted performers
between two gifted performers
two gifted performers
gifted performers
A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams
A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city
A deliciously nonsensical comedy
deliciously nonsensical comedy
New Zealand coming-of-age movie
Zealand coming-of-age movie
What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
What makes the movie special
makes the movie special
movie special
is its utter sincerity .
is its utter sincerity
its utter sincerity
utter sincerity
-LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama
powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama
powerful and astonishingly vivid
astonishingly vivid
the occasional bursts of sharp writing
the occasional bursts
of sharp writing
that this should seal the deal
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor ,
boasts some tart TV-insider humor
tart
humanity or empathy
It is definitely worth seeing .
is definitely worth seeing .
is definitely worth seeing
is definitely worth
Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
enough sweet and
traditional romantic
works its way up
A worthy idea
worthy idea
every family
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
a balanced film
balanced film
a cinematic postcard
cinematic postcard
of Balto
the fun of Toy Story 2
Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
for its excellent storytelling , its economical
its excellent storytelling , its economical
its excellent storytelling ,
its excellent storytelling
excellent storytelling
its economical
, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
for its profound humanity
profound humanity
, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one
an adventure story and history lesson all in one
an adventure story and history lesson
adventure story and history lesson
out in high style
high style
you could change tables
change tables
Argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project ,
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
out-to-change-the-world
Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
Elaborate special effects
take centre screen
The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side
the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side
the courage of its convictions and
the courage of its convictions
excellent performances on its side
wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
otherwise the production is suitably elegant
the production is suitably elegant
is suitably elegant
suitably elegant
Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
this engaging and literate psychodrama
engaging and literate psychodrama
engaging and literate
of a mystery
A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music .
A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
quasi-documentary
by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
the hardy spirit of Cuban music
the hardy spirit
Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .
is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight ''
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , ''
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich ,
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich
Soderbergh 's best films , ``
Soderbergh 's best films ,
Soderbergh 's best films
Out of Sight
A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .
critics be damned .
If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes
, then go see this delightful comedy .
then go see this delightful comedy .
go see this delightful comedy .
go see this delightful comedy
see this delightful comedy
this delightful comedy
delightful comedy
found its audience ,
such an excellent job
an excellent job
excellent job
... a solid , unassuming drama .
a solid , unassuming drama .
a solid , unassuming drama
a solid ,
Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature
of this slick and sprightly CGI feature
this slick and sprightly CGI feature
slick and sprightly CGI feature
sprightly
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
is sufficiently funny
sufficiently
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
amuse even
The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
this fascinating -- and timely -- content
fascinating -- and timely -- content
fascinating -- and timely --
-- and timely --
-- and timely
Sparse but oddly compelling .
Sparse but oddly compelling
but oddly compelling
For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
, the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and
director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell
that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
tremble without losing his machismo
his machismo
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here ,
's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
's mildly interesting
mildly interesting
ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
the peculiar American style of justice
of justice
Feardotcom 's thrills
really a thriller so much
really a thriller
as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at
for teens to laugh , groan and hiss
to laugh , groan and hiss
groan and
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five
one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year
one Oscar nomination
should get all five
get all five
The boys ' sparring ,
down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
more cerebral , and likable ,
more cerebral , and likable
more cerebral , and
more cerebral ,
At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
most basic
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
Simone is not a bad film .
is not a bad film .
Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake
Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful ,
what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
attracting audiences to Unfaithful
attracting audiences
attracting
gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake
gripping performances by Lane and Gere
Lane and
will keep them awake
thus
ample
been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
a good film
good film
seems to really care
to really care
The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .
The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films
The most consistently funny
of the Austin Powers films
a single good film
single good film
One of the most incoherent
A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one
A compelling yarn , but not quite a
A compelling yarn
compelling yarn
This is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
a visually stunning rumination
visually stunning rumination
visually stunning
love , memory , history and
love , memory , history
love , memory
art and commerce
Signs is a good film , and it is
Signs is a good film , and
Signs is a good film ,
Signs is a good film
is a good film
, the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
the essence of a great one
is in there somewhere
Antonio Banderas
dwells
crossing-over
Sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work
`` Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
suitable summer entertainment
offers escapism
requiring a great deal of thought
a great deal of thought
Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years
Just about the best straight-up ,
Just about the best straight-up
about the best straight-up
the best straight-up
best straight-up
last 15 years
a laugh between them
-LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
D -RRB-
, Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
is consistently amusing and engrossing
is consistently
amusing and engrossing
Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
a divine monument
divine monument
a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
his life , his dignity and his music
Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
which may be why it works as well as it does
be why it works as well as it does
why it works as well as it does
why it works
it works
Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
will be occupied for 72 minutes .
play Hannibal Lecter
immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas '
a very good movie in any objective sense
a very good movie
very good movie
it does mostly hold one 's interest
This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious
, remarkably unpretentious
remarkably unpretentious
Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
had , lost , and got back
enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
put away the guitar ,
A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt
thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt
, heartfelt
coming-of-age comedy .
It 's better than The Phantom Menace .
's better than The Phantom Menace .
's better than The Phantom Menace
better than The Phantom Menace
An unintentional parody
something to be ` fully experienced '
as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous
Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and
Alternately hilarious and sad
hilarious and sad
hilarious and
soulful , scathing and joyous
soulful , scathing and
soulful ,
The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them
conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible
conjured up more coming-of-age stories
more coming-of-age stories
Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them
emerges as the very best of them
as the very best of them
the very best of them
the very best
briefly
the point of real interest - --
the point of real interest -
of real interest -
of real interest
real interest
The best film of the year 2002 .
The best film of the year 2002
A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film
moving and not infrequently breathtaking film
moving and not infrequently breathtaking
not infrequently breathtaking
infrequently breathtaking
An ambitious ` what if ? '
ambitious ` what if
ambitious `
A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
A slam-bang extravaganza that
A slam-bang extravaganza
slam-bang extravaganza
slam-bang
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
wild-and-woolly
, wall-to-wall good time
wall-to-wall good time
Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast
Campanella 's competent direction and
Campanella 's competent direction
competent direction
his excellent cast
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale
A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free
refreshingly realistic , affectation-free
refreshingly realistic ,
refreshingly realistic
is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
the visceral sensation
visceral sensation
sensation
of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
lasting traces of Charlotte 's web
lasting traces
The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
'' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
a great story ,
a great story
great story
terrifically
You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good .
can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
vowing , `
vowing ,
This is going to be something really good
is going to be something really good
going to be something really good
to be something really good
be something really good
something really good
deeper every time
A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
A fascinating examination
fascinating examination
of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
joyous , turbulent self-discovery
turbulent self-discovery
made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control ,
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ,
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
labyrinthine
is intriguing , provocative stuff .
is intriguing , provocative stuff
intriguing , provocative stuff
intriguing , provocative
, provocative
Visually exciting
A sterling film
sterling film
sterling
lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard
remind us of brilliant crime dramas
us of brilliant crime dramas
of brilliant crime dramas
brilliant crime dramas
improvise and scream
of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
the rollicking dark humor so necessary
the rollicking dark humor
rollicking dark humor
Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all
that noble , trembling incoherence
us all
One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .
One of the greatest films
of the greatest films
the greatest films
greatest films
Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
Poignant and moving
, A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
is an inspirational love story ,
is an inspirational love story
an inspirational love story
inspirational love story
capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
innocence and idealism
While the production details are lavish
the production details are lavish
the historical period and
I liked it
liked it
` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
a passion for cinema , and indeed sex ,
should see it as soon as possible . '
should see it as soon as possible .
should see it as soon as possible
see it as soon as possible
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement ,
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
an eventual cult classic
eventual cult classic
cult classic
the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
the horror fan
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
goofily endearing and well-lensed
endearing and well-lensed
endearing and
well-lensed
takes every potential laugh and
takes every potential laugh
Adaptation is simply brilliant .
is simply brilliant .
is simply brilliant
I enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
a superficial way
The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much
It will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
, overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
's an entertaining and informative documentary .
's an entertaining and informative documentary
an entertaining and informative documentary
entertaining and informative documentary
entertaining and informative
Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
, `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired
due to its rapid-fire delivery and
its rapid-fire delivery
it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
ca n't be dismissed as mindless
J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
her share of the holiday box office pie
of the holiday box office pie
holiday box office pie
this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
perfectly clear
She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl
She 's a pretty woman ,
She 's a pretty woman
's a pretty woman
a pretty woman
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude
the screenplay or something
screenplay or
But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one
it 's about a very human one
's about a very human one
which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
simple title
Splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity
the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity
to overcome adversity
The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but
The filmmakers know how to please the eye ,
The filmmakers know how to please the eye
know how to please the eye
please the eye
is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
always the prettiest pictures
prettiest pictures
prettiest
that tell the best story
tell the best story
the best story
best story
A fine film
fine film
whit
a great monster movie
great monster movie
be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
be enjoyed as a daytime soaper
A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience
great power , yet some members of the audience
great power , yet
great power ,
great power
will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy
have seen a comedy
Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
off spookily enough
A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those
of thoughtful war films and those
thoughtful war films
interested in the sights and sounds of battle
An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
An enthralling aesthetic experience ,
An enthralling aesthetic experience
enthralling aesthetic experience
aesthetic experience
one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
a ravishing , baroque beauty
ravishing , baroque beauty
ravishing
, baroque beauty
baroque beauty
... continue to impress
continue to impress
Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
in getting under the skin of her characters
under the skin of her characters
knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort
that is nobility of a sort
richer and more observant
American musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
as we
know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
fun-for-fun 's
fun-for-fun
communal spirit
goes to the essence of Broadway
the boho art-house crowd
The Burning Sensation
a definitive counter-cultural document
inquisitive enough
shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .
shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
, of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
all the period 's volatile romantic lives
the period 's volatile romantic lives
romantic lives
, Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
are worth particular attention
worth particular attention
worth particular
it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
an enjoyable level
enjoyable level
An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film
somewhat insightful
young children
Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
earnestness remarkably well
remarkably well
everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
delivered with such conviction
such conviction
that it 's hard not to be carried away
it 's hard not to be carried away
's hard not to be carried away
who do n't believe in Santa Claus
probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
capture the magic of the original
Grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
impeccable comic timing ,
impeccable comic timing
raffish charm
piercing intellect
Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace ,
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
good action , good acting , good dialogue ,
good action , good acting , good dialogue
good action , good acting ,
good action , good acting
good action ,
good action
good dialogue
good pace
good cinematography
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies
a few chuckles ,
single gag sequence
that really scores
really scores
all the complications
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ,
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
perfected
of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
he 's got as potent a topic as ever here
's got as potent a topic as ever here
got as potent a topic as ever here
Sometimes entertaining
The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
is that her confidence in her material is merited .
is that her confidence in her material is merited
her confidence in her material is merited
her confidence in her material
is merited
Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle
the sexy razzle-dazzle
sexy razzle-dazzle
that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
everyone , especially movie musical fans
been hoping for
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team ,
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team
make a great team
a great team
great team
The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
offers an intriguing what-if premise .
offers an intriguing what-if premise
an intriguing what-if premise
intriguing what-if premise
Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
Wonder , hope and magic
hope and magic
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
the right movie
right movie
Aside from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
bold choices
, The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
lifelong concern
with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
cinematic art
` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy
in the mood for an intelligent weepy
the mood for an intelligent weepy
for an intelligent weepy
an intelligent weepy
, it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
can easily worm its way into your heart . '
can easily worm its way into your heart .
can easily worm its way into your heart
worm its way into your heart
revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
to investigate
deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
a modern motion picture
It looks good , Sonny ,
It looks good , Sonny
good , Sonny
good ,
the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
weak on detail and strong on personality
strong on personality
Cold , nervy and memorable .
Cold , nervy and memorable
nervy and memorable
nervy and
A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
A captivating coming-of-age story
captivating coming-of-age story
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American
quintessentially American
It 's sort of in-between , and it works .
It 's sort of in-between
Impeccably filmed
Impeccably
leaden closing act
is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
is a poster boy for the geek generation .
is a poster boy for the geek generation
I 'll at least remember their characters .
Lifetime movie
Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
Meeting , even exceeding expectations
exceeding expectations
, it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
the best sequel
best sequel
since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur
a majestic achievement ,
a majestic achievement
majestic achievement
majestic
an epic of astonishing grandeur
of astonishing grandeur
astonishing grandeur
surprising emotional depth
If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
Wonderful Life
, it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
might just be the movie you 're looking for .
might just be the movie you 're looking for
be the movie you 're looking for
the movie you 're looking for
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
the buoyant energy level
buoyant energy level
beginnings
Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright
energetic sweet-and-sour performance
sweet-and-sour performance
A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .
A remarkable film by Bernard Rose
With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
With amazing finesse
amazing finesse
young man 's
snagged an Oscar nomination
It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships
looks closely , insightfully
Mildly entertaining
Some stunning visuals
stunning visuals
The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale
explore the connections between place and personal identity .
place and personal identity
Ze movie starts out so funny ,
Ze movie starts out so funny
so funny
with his talent
of creative storytelling
creative storytelling
There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
most importantly ,
most importantly
Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
he creates
The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild ,
The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild
The enjoyable Undercover Brother ,
The enjoyable Undercover Brother
enjoyable Undercover Brother
a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild
a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
a zany mix
zany mix
Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
goofball action comedy
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy
a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy
a ton of laughs
that everyone can enjoy
everyone can enjoy
against itself
Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
, De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure
most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure
most savory and hilarious
savory and hilarious
savory and
savory
What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
without the vulgarity and
with an intelligent , life-affirming script
an intelligent , life-affirming script
intelligent , life-affirming script
, life-affirming script
life-affirming script
absorbing characters
ca n't wait to see end .
... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and
... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB-
spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB-
speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
, er , bubbly
er , bubbly
bubbly
witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
-LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
a cute alien creature
cute alien creature
cute alien
This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
a sincerely crafted picture
sincerely crafted picture
sincerely
crafted picture
that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish
its surreal sense of humor and technological finish
humor and technological finish
quite a comedy
, the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer ,
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer
with an open mind and considerable good cheer
an open mind and considerable good cheer
an open mind
considerable good cheer
good cheer
is never less than engaging
the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
much more eye-catching
more eye-catching
You 'll know a star when you see one .
'll know a star when you see one .
know a star
An entertainment
recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
real characters and compelling plots
real characters
compelling plots
conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women .
the 30-year friendship between two English women
with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
the odd enjoyably chewy lump
odd enjoyably chewy lump
odd enjoyably
What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing
Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing
surprisingly engrossing
is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
atypically hypnotic approach
atypically hypnotic
a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
-LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
would seem to be surefire casting .
would seem to be surefire casting
seem to be surefire casting
be surefire casting
surefire casting
only self-aware neurotics engage in
comedy ensemble
like a mix of Cheech and Chong
swaggers through his scenes
are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
, you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
disgust , a thrill , or
the giggles
It 's a cool event for the whole family .
's a cool event for the whole family .
's a cool event for the whole family
a cool event for the whole family
a cool event
cool event
for the whole family
The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough
The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure ,
The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery
the secret 's eventual discovery
eventual discovery
the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach
that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
truly frightening situation
Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama ,
is certainly a serviceable melodrama
a serviceable melodrama
try for the greatness
for the greatness
the greatness
Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
an adoring , wide-smiling reception
adoring , wide-smiling reception
, wide-smiling reception
wide-smiling reception
wide-smiling
watch Snatch again
as the synergistic impulse that created it
Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past .
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
the sleekness of the film 's present
the sleekness
sleekness
the playful paranoia of the film 's past
playful paranoia
the pleasure of watching them
seem to get a coherent rhythm going
a coherent rhythm going
a coherent rhythm
coherent rhythm
Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery ,
Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
, Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
to make a point with poetic imagery
make a point with poetic imagery
with poetic imagery
poetic imagery
his ability to startle
ability to startle
could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
this colorful bio-pic
colorful bio-pic
ordinary and
An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains
average kid-empowerment fantasy
kid-empowerment fantasy
kid-empowerment
above-average brains
Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad
is truly funny ,
is truly funny
truly funny
Ghandi
Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
transcend its genre
with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
curiously stylized
based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly
Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
, melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
, sorrow , laugther , and tears
laugther
cascade over the screen effortlessly
narrative continuity
The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
often surprises you with unexpected comedy
surprises you with unexpected comedy
surprises you
with unexpected comedy
unexpected comedy
Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
is like binging on cotton candy
on cotton candy
A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive
perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive
perfectly respectable ,
perfectly respectable
perfectly inoffensive
A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
A colorful , joyous celebration of life ;
A colorful , joyous celebration of life
A colorful , joyous celebration
colorful , joyous celebration
, joyous celebration
joyous celebration
a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
, singing , and unforgettable characters
singing , and unforgettable characters
, and unforgettable characters
and unforgettable characters
unforgettable characters
unforgettable
on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge --
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge
, eloquence , spiritual challenge
eloquence , spiritual challenge
that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
the original New Testament stories so compelling
New Testament stories
so compelling
A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
An affectionately goofy satire
affectionately goofy satire
affectionately goofy
affectionately
that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
throw elbows when necessary
In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
powerful acting clinic
, this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
rare drama
that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
thoughtful and rewarding
takes advantage of the fact
had much science
By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
miracle of miracles , the movie
miracles ,
miracles
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations
a funny yet dark and seedy clash
a funny yet dark and
a funny yet dark
funny yet dark
funny yet
of a good cast
a good cast
good cast
in favor
Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships
's insecure in Lovely and Amazing ,
in Lovely and Amazing
a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships
a poignant and wryly amusing film
poignant and wryly amusing film
poignant and wryly amusing
wryly amusing
Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and
crisp framing , edgy camera work ,
crisp framing , edgy camera work
crisp framing ,
crisp framing
edgy camera work
with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
a video helmer
Hard to resist .
Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
percolating
is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
A pleasing , often-funny comedy .
A pleasing , often-funny comedy
A pleasing ,
often-funny comedy
often-funny
a spark of new inspiration in it ,
a spark of new inspiration in it
of new inspiration in it
new inspiration in it
new inspiration
energy and imagination
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ...
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team
actually make a pretty good team
make a pretty good team
a pretty good team
pretty good team
ongoing - and unprecedented -
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious ,
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious
are so hilarious
so hilarious
Schneider 's performance is so fine
is so fine
The abiding impression
Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
the best script that Besson has written in years .
the best script that Besson has written in years
the best script
best script
Besson has written in years
It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell
a lovely , eerie film
lovely , eerie film
rapt spell
Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
, Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way
do it his own way
in amazement over the fact
amazement
so many talented people could participate in such an
The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers
that it does afford
many moviegoers
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
the more serious-minded concerns
very goofy museum exhibit
It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
honest working man John Q. Archibald ,
on a pedestal
keeps lifting the pedestal higher
lifting the pedestal higher
Content merely
exploit his anger
the need for national health insurance
A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales
A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch
A realistically terrifying movie
realistically terrifying movie
of renegade-cop tales
That Storytelling has value can not be denied .
has value can not be denied .
has value can not be denied
value can not be denied
Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
Brilliantly written and well-acted
Brilliantly written and
Brilliantly written
, Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
is an uncompromising film .
is an uncompromising film
an uncompromising film
uncompromising film
Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise ,
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise
tells this very compelling tale
this very compelling tale
very compelling tale
expertly plucking tension from quiet
expertly
plucking tension from quiet
borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
from the classics
the classics
But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
, the movie is in a class by itself
the movie is in a class by itself
is in a class by itself
in a class by itself
a class by itself
An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
a younger lad
younger lad
the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
indie comedy
Often demented in a good way ,
demented in a good way
Guy Ritchie 's Lock ,
to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
become a household name
household name
between its powerful moments
its powerful moments
powerful moments
As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
commander-in-chief
, Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
a breadth of vision and
a breadth of vision
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
an attention to detail
an attention
that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
propels
into the upper echelons of the directing world
the upper echelons of the directing world
the upper echelons
It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
be a great piece of filmmaking
a great piece of filmmaking
a great piece
great piece
its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
is first-rate , especially Sorvino
first-rate , especially Sorvino
Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .
... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002
be called the best Korean film of 2002
called the best Korean film of 2002
the best Korean film of 2002
the best Korean film
best Korean film
plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
racing to the rescue in the final reel
to the rescue in the final reel
` Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures
filled with strange and wonderful creatures
with strange and wonderful creatures
strange and wonderful creatures
and wonderful creatures
wonderful creatures
Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
Part of the film 's cheeky charm
of the film 's cheeky charm
the film 's cheeky charm
Yes , it 's as good as you remember .
, it 's as good as you remember .
it 's as good as you remember .
's as good as you remember .
's as good as you remember
's as good
As the Mediterranean sparkles
the Mediterranean sparkles
Mediterranean sparkles
sparkles
` Swept Away '
Swept Away '
with complications
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
the true impact of the day
the true impact
true impact
, the power of this movie is undeniable .
the power of this movie is undeniable .
the power of this movie
An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
An interesting psychological game
interesting psychological game
of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and
, three-dimensional characters
three-dimensional characters
believable performances
all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
add up to a satisfying crime drama .
add up to a satisfying crime drama
to a satisfying crime drama
a satisfying crime drama
satisfying crime drama
Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .
makes it a party worth attending .
makes it a party worth attending
it a party worth attending
a party worth attending
provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman
good woman
Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
with the American Dream
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
any art-house moviegoer
is likely to find compelling
likely to find compelling
find compelling
is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
is worth a look ,
is worth a look
thrills from your Halloween entertainment
your Halloween entertainment
dodge
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
has merit and
has merit
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack ,
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack
of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack
brutally honest individual
made a point or two regarding life
Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
Adaptation is intricately constructed and
Adaptation is intricately constructed
intricately constructed
intricately
nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
nails all of Orlean 's themes
being a true adaptation of her book
a true adaptation of her book
a true adaptation
It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
a solid movie
solid movie
Nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
, stylized humor throughout
stylized humor throughout
humor throughout
by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
very effective
's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate
's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned
a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned
the bones of Queen of the Damned
as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate
The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
is delicately
narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
directed with sensitivity and skill
with sensitivity and skill
sensitivity and skill
in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
authentic Christmas spirit
Christmas spirit
full of masters of both
of masters of both
masters of both
Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
that this is one summer film that satisfies
this is one summer film that satisfies
is one summer film that satisfies
one summer film that satisfies
that satisfies
A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
A meatier deeper beginning
A meatier
would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
into the `` A '' range , as is
the `` A '' range ,
the `` A '' range
`` A '' range
A '' range
, it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
's a very very strong `` B + . ''
's a very very strong `` B + .
's a very very strong `` B +
a very very strong `` B +
very very strong `` B +
very very strong
very strong
`` B +
B +
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
emotionally and narratively complex
narratively complex
A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others
A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
A winning comedy with its wry observations
with its wry observations
wry observations
about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
long-lived friendships and
long-lived friendships
we all lose track of ourselves by trying
to please others
Fantastic !
Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride
a well-mounted history lesson
well-mounted history lesson
well-mounted
Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
a lightweight story about matchmaking
, the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
worth the journey
Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
is authentic to the core of his being .
is authentic to the core of his being
authentic to the core of his being
Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie
more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie
biologically
... is , also , frequently hilarious .
is , also , frequently hilarious .
is , also , frequently hilarious
Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB- served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .
Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB-
Some remarkable achival film
remarkable achival film
In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
an unabashedly romantic picture
unabashedly romantic picture
a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk ,
exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk
of honest working folk
to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
living harmoniously
harmoniously
trying to get out
Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .
is good , except its timing .
is good , except its timing
is good ,
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family ,
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary ,
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary
rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary
about the life
song-and-dance-man
` ke Burstein
ke
transcends ethnic lines
Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
local flavour
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
a hugely enjoyable film
hugely enjoyable film
hugely enjoyable
about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
the pleasures of a well-made pizza
of a well-made pizza
a well-made pizza
well-made pizza
A smart , compelling drama .
A smart , compelling drama
smart , compelling drama
smart , compelling
Drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band
Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk
a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk
a memorable directorial debut
memorable directorial debut
Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous
inventive and mordantly humorous
and mordantly humorous
take on the soullessness of work
Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor
an irresistible blend
irresistible blend
of warmth and humor
warmth and humor
a consistent embracing humanity
consistent embracing humanity
embracing
Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
, and among the best films of the year .
among the best films of the year .
among the best films of the year
A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man
A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions
A fascinating , unnerving examination
fascinating , unnerving examination
of one unstable man
This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
unusual , food-for-thought cinema
, food-for-thought cinema
food-for-thought cinema
that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
's as entertaining as it is instructive
's as entertaining
as it is instructive
it is instructive
is instructive
instructive
Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
my mind
the cartoon
A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary
A funny , triumphant , and
funny , triumphant ,
, triumphant ,
triumphant ,
moving documentary
Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
possible angle
another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
remarkable yet shockingly
remarkable yet
A witty , trenchant ,
witty , trenchant ,
the ins and outs of modern moviemaking
modern moviemaking
A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
A thriller with an edge --
A thriller with an edge
is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
you slice it
Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore
two cinematic icons with chemistry galore
two cinematic icons
icons
with chemistry galore
chemistry galore
If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
an intelligent movie
intelligent movie
you can release your pent up anger
ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
is just the ticket you need .
the ticket you need
that will amuse or entertain them
will amuse or entertain them
amuse or entertain them
amuse or entertain
Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
to mention absolutely refreshed .
to mention absolutely refreshed
absolutely refreshed
refreshed
My precious new Star Wars movie
precious new Star Wars movie
new Star Wars movie
keeps things interesting ,
keeps things interesting
99-minute
There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
's packed with just as much intelligence as action
packed with just as much intelligence as action
packed with just as much intelligence
with just as much intelligence
just as much intelligence
Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net .
Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net
going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- -
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- -
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB-
some cute moments , funny scenes , and
some cute moments , funny scenes ,
some cute moments , funny scenes
some cute moments ,
some cute moments
cute moments
funny scenes
hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB-
Wow fans
with nothing but net
nothing but net
By turns very dark and very funny .
By turns very dark and very funny
turns very dark and very funny
very dark and very funny
The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact
achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact
provocative central wedding sequence
wedding sequence
far more impact
is so convinced of its own brilliance
of its own brilliance
its own brilliance
own brilliance
were a person
its face
more interesting -- and , dare I say ,
more interesting -- and
more interesting --
thematically complex
thematically
Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .
has really found his groove these days .
has really found his groove these days
found his groove these days
found his groove
soap-opera quality twist
quality twist
what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
a sumptuous work
sumptuous work
A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
A coming-of-age tale
from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
by a rich visual clarity and deeply
a rich visual clarity and deeply
rich visual clarity and deeply
visual clarity and deeply
clarity and deeply
felt performances across the board .
felt performances
`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
`` The best Disney movie
The best Disney movie
best Disney movie
devastating indictment
Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
, he is always sympathetic .
he is always sympathetic .
is always sympathetic
Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
Impresses
as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ...
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional
skillfully assembled , highly polished and
skillfully assembled , highly polished
skillfully assembled ,
skillfully assembled
highly polished
An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients
An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers
An engrossing and grim portrait
engrossing and grim
so slick and
what made you love it
made you love it
you love it
Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills
portray ultimate passion
ultimate passion
create ultimate thrills
ultimate thrills
First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
reason to go
see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
`` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography
phenomenal , water-born cinematography
music videos
you have to pay if you want to see it
have to pay if you want to see it
you want to see it
want to see it
It 's not too fast and not too slow .
's not too fast and not too slow .
Expecting
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it --
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you
Starts off witty and sophisticated and
Starts off witty and sophisticated
off witty and sophisticated
witty and sophisticated
According to Wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
at Blockbuster
Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments
messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments
but very pleasing at its best moments
very pleasing at its best moments
pleasing at its best moments
at its best moments
its best moments
best moments
it 's very much like life itself .
's very much like life itself
very much like life
the source material movie
horror\/action hybrid
's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks
for a longtime admirer of his work
a longtime admirer of his work
a longtime admirer
longtime admirer
be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks
be swept up in Invincible
swept up in Invincible
With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
With this masterful
this masterful
, flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB-
flawless film ,
flawless film
emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
world-renowned
The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one
hold my interest
its diverting grim message is a good one
Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy
And for many of us , that 's good enough .
that 's good enough .
's good enough .
Though a capable thriller
a capable thriller
capable thriller
somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
The ingenious construction -LRB- adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
The ingenious construction -LRB- adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB-
The ingenious construction
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it
predisposed to like it
probably will enjoy themselves .
will enjoy themselves .
enjoy themselves
made Swimfan anyway
About as enjoyable
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ...
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
intrepid
in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
an attraction that crosses sexual identity
true emotions
, His Secret Life will leave you thinking
will leave you thinking
A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man
A conventional , but well-crafted film
conventional , but well-crafted film
conventional , but well-crafted
historic
in Ireland over a man
A riveting documentary .
riveting documentary .
MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years
the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years
the best little `` horror '' movie
best little `` horror '' movie
best little
seen in years
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater
competent performers from movies , television and the theater
competent performers
movies , television and the theater
unifying rhythm
unifying
Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others
our special talents can be when put in service of of others
service of of others
Crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
is so warm and fuzzy
so warm and fuzzy
warm and fuzzy
able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
be liked sometimes
liked sometimes
Jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters ,
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
that extra little something
extra little something
that makes it worth checking out at theaters
makes it worth checking out at theaters
it worth checking out at theaters
worth checking out at theaters
at theaters
if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
the positives
positives
Although tender and touching
tender and touching
tender and
a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
little more dramatic
About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
's a rock-solid little genre picture
a rock-solid little genre picture
rock-solid little genre picture
marks for political courage
for political courage
political courage
artistic merits
the charisma and ability
charisma and ability
charisma and
carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders
carry the film
makes a melodramatic mountain
melodramatic mountain
the brawn , but not
the brawn
to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence ,
restore
-LRB- Harmon -RRB-
despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
praiseworthy
attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
generate suspense
A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
A sentimental hybrid
Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world
has created such a vibrant , colorful world
created such a vibrant , colorful world
such a vibrant , colorful world
a vibrant , colorful world
vibrant , colorful world
colorful world
, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
by the sheer beauty of his images
the sheer beauty of his images
the sheer beauty
sheer beauty
Chan 's uniqueness
uniqueness
boom mikes
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome
offer much more than the series
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures
caring for animals and respecting other cultures
caring for animals and
all the heart
of kitsch hard going
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival
's quite an achievement
quite an achievement
to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival
capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
its visual appeal
visual appeal
see the attraction for the sole reason
A.C. will help this movie one bit
Grant is certainly amusing , but
Grant is certainly amusing ,
Grant is certainly amusing
is certainly amusing
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ...
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
perfectly serviceable and
perfectly serviceable
because he gives the story some soul
he gives the story some soul
gives the story some soul
some soul
elevates the experience to a more mythic level
elevates the experience
to a more mythic level
a more mythic level
Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration
overcomes
Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too
well-directed and , for all its moodiness ,
well-directed and
well-directed
there , done that
liked it much better
you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
When you 're a Jet
, you 're a Jet all the way
you 're a Jet all the way
As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .
colorful , dramatized PBS program
, Frida gets the job done .
Frida gets the job done .
It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
it definitely gives you something to chew on
definitely gives you something to chew on
I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute
of vegetables
this batch is pretty cute
batch
is pretty cute
pretty cute
Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness ,
has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and
for Touched by an Angel simplicity
by an Angel simplicity
an Angel simplicity
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism ,
resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
to easy feel-good sentiments
easy feel-good sentiments
feel-good sentiments
something fishy
seasonal holiday kids
its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
emotional gravity
from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
where Santa gives gifts to grownups
Santa gives gifts to grownups
gives gifts to grownups
Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling
with poetic force and buoyant feeling
poetic force and buoyant feeling
poetic force and
poetic force
buoyant feeling
more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''
more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
the roots of the skateboarding boom
of the skateboarding boom
the punk kids ' revolution
greatest hits
would be a welcome improvement
a welcome improvement
That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
a wonderous accomplishment
wonderous accomplishment
wonderous
accomplishment
of veracity and narrative grace
veracity
and narrative grace
narrative grace
This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
This is a nervy , risky film , and
is a nervy , risky film
Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
have sprung from such a great one
sprung from such a great one
from such a great one
such a great one
have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper
A good-natured ensemble comedy
good-natured ensemble comedy
Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
Like a precious and finely cut diamond
precious and finely cut diamond
and finely cut diamond
finely cut diamond
, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty
to behold in its sparkling beauty
behold in its sparkling beauty
in its sparkling beauty
its sparkling beauty
sparkling beauty
in reality it 's one tough rock .
it 's one tough rock .
What results is the best performance from either in years .
What results is the best performance from either in years
results is the best performance from either in years
is the best performance from either in years
the best performance from either in years
the best performance
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
extra-large cotton candy
The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing ,
The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing
The actors are simply too good , and
The actors are simply too good ,
The actors are simply too good
are simply too good
too good
Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy
Yes , but also intriguing and honorable ,
, but also intriguing and honorable ,
but also intriguing and honorable ,
also intriguing and honorable ,
intriguing and honorable ,
intriguing and honorable
a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy
a worthwhile addition
worthwhile addition
a distinguished film legacy
distinguished film legacy
film legacy
It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate
the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate
are shockingly intimate
shockingly intimate
When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
When a movie has stuck around for this long
, you know there 's something there .
you know there 's something there .
there 's something there
's something there
Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors .
A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors
A dashing and absorbing
dashing and absorbing
outing with one of France 's most inventive directors
with one of France 's most inventive directors
one of France 's most inventive directors
of France 's most inventive directors
France 's most inventive directors
most inventive directors
inventive directors
The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause
is a convincing one , and
is a convincing one ,
is a convincing one
a convincing one
convincing one
An uplifting , near-masterpiece .
An uplifting , near-masterpiece
near-masterpiece
A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters
keep - 'em
guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters
guessing plot and an affectionate
guessing plot and
an affectionate
infatuated
Danish cows
a good alternative
good alternative
of such a well loved classic
such a well loved classic
a well loved classic
well loved classic
loved classic
new insight
rate Annie
The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
The quirky drama
quirky drama
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks
the heart and
the funnybone thanks
funnybone
to the energetic and always surprising performance
the energetic and always surprising performance
energetic and always surprising performance
energetic and always surprising
always surprising
A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
A deftly entertaining film
deftly entertaining film
entertaining film
, smartly played and smartly directed .
smartly played and smartly directed .
played and smartly directed .
played and smartly directed
played and smartly
As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .
As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study
chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study
chilling and fascinating
It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet
that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet
that rare family movie --
that rare family movie
rare family movie
genuine and sweet
genuine and
Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence
fluid and mesmerizing sequence
fluid and mesmerizing
Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
celebrates the human spirit
such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me
The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief
are immaculate ,
are immaculate
with Roussillon providing comic relief
Roussillon providing comic relief
providing comic relief
A gem of a movie .
A gem of a movie
An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
An effective portrait of a life in stasis --
An effective portrait of a life in stasis
An effective portrait
effective portrait
Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
, `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
`` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
is a masterpiece .
is a masterpiece
starts promisingly
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully
begins on a high note and
begins on a high note
on a high note
a high note
high note
sustains it beautifully
sustains it
to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House
work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House
the brilliance of Animal House
of Animal House
Nerds
An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
inventing
a remarkable new trick
remarkable new trick
Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay
thoughtful screenplay
provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
a compelling investigation
compelling investigation
What begins brightly
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
a guiltless film for nice evening out .
a guiltless film for nice evening out
a guiltless film
for nice evening out
nice evening out
Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high
its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high
its compassionate spirit
compassionate spirit
soars every bit as high
every bit as high
have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
This is one of the year 's best films .
is one of the year 's best films .
finds its tone and several scenes run
An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
An entertaining British hybrid
entertaining British hybrid
comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
comedy , caper thrills and
comedy , caper thrills
caper thrills
outright bodice-ripper
ditched the artsy pretensions
revelled in the entertaining shallows
The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material
The powerful success
powerful success
Read My Lips with such provocative material
with such provocative material
provocative material
shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
, after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
, director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
in the very top rank of French filmmakers
the very top rank of French filmmakers
the very top rank
very top rank
very top
Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
, Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
appropriate comic buttons
Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
way-cool
by a basic , credible compassion
a basic , credible compassion
, credible compassion
credible compassion
safe as a children 's film
sane person
... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
, you 'll still be glued to the screen .
you 'll still be glued to the screen .
'll still be glued to the screen .
'll still be glued to the screen
be glued to the screen
glued to the screen
glued
An original little film about one young woman
An original little film
original little film
really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB-
salute writer-director Haneke
making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult
nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and
nearly as graphic but much more powerful ,
nearly as graphic but much more powerful
more powerful
In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good
his latest effort ,
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
it also happens to be good
also happens to be good
happens to be good
be good
... quite endearing .
quite endearing .
endearing .
'll feel as the credits roll
some tasty grub
these things
will keep coming
map thematically and stylistically , and
thematically and stylistically
stylistically
Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier
Jeunet
find a spark of its own
a spark of its own
Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB- , the movie is powerful and provocative .
Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB-
Blessed with a searing lead performance
with a searing lead performance
a searing lead performance
searing lead performance
, the movie is powerful and provocative .
the movie is powerful and provocative .
is powerful and provocative .
is powerful and provocative
powerful and provocative
The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
The film has an infectious enthusiasm and
The film has an infectious enthusiasm
has an infectious enthusiasm
an infectious enthusiasm
infectious enthusiasm
we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
touched by the film 's conviction
that place , that time
wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
Secretary is just too original to be ignored .
is just too original to be ignored .
is just too original to be ignored
dry wit and compassion
wit and compassion
a cutting Hollywood satire
cutting Hollywood satire
Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm
Beautiful to watch and
Beautiful to watch
holds a certain charm
a certain charm
certain charm
The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
dazzling panoramic shots
that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
make the most of the large-screen format ,
make the most of the large-screen format
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
swooping down on a string of exotic locales ,
swooping down on a string of exotic locales
on a string of exotic locales
a string of exotic locales
scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
a joyous communal festival of rhythm
a joyous communal festival
joyous communal festival
-LRB- Grant -RRB- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering
fluttering
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
recognize it
pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
user-friendly
you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
appreciate original romantic comedies
taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller
best seller
On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
Movie Gauge
, The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 --
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
, frenetic , funny , even punny 6
frenetic , funny , even punny 6
, funny , even punny 6
funny , even punny 6
This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
profound cinema
it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
good-natured and sometimes quite funny
sometimes quite funny
seem sincere , and just
sincere , and just
Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing
Full of detail
is well worth seeing
as its larger themes
its own making
impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
maintain a straight face
So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
even the most jaded cinema audiences
most jaded
, the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all ,
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most
funny , smart , visually inventive , and most
funny , smart , visually inventive , and
funny , smart , visually inventive ,
funny , smart , visually inventive
funny , smart ,
funny , smart
visually inventive
Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
directs , ideally
ideally
capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
the opera 's drama and lyricism
intellectually and logistically
logistically
The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
The performances are all solid ;
The performances are all solid
originality to make it a great movie
to make it a great movie
make it a great movie
it a great movie
Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel
Move over Bond ;
Move over Bond
this girl deserves a sequel
this girl
deserves a sequel
few seconds
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything ,
your interest , your imagination , your empathy
The metaphors are provocative , but
The metaphors are provocative ,
The metaphors are provocative
Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen
Interesting and thoroughly
A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian
A terrifically entertaining specimen
terrifically entertaining specimen
terrifically entertaining
sci-fi .
Everything that was right about Blade
was right about Blade
If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
, this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
this Oscar-nominated documentary
Oscar-nominated documentary
Oscar-nominated
An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
1937 breakthrough
Snow White
succeeded only in making me groggy .
succeeded
The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest
The niftiest trick
niftiest trick
niftiest
the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and
the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen --
raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation --
Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
its playwriting 101 premise
playwriting
It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look
a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look
a satisfying summer blockbuster and
a satisfying summer blockbuster
satisfying summer blockbuster
satisfying summer
K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
: The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining
yet surprisingly entertaining
surprisingly entertaining
for people who make movies and watch them
you have an interest in the characters you see
have an interest in the characters you see
an interest
in the characters you see
have a sense of humor
did they not
the nerve to speak up
hefty helping
A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently
, big-hearted and frequently
big-hearted and frequently
big-hearted and
big-hearted
funny thrill
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye
candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
candy and cheeky
wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy
is stark , straightforward and deadly ...
stark , straightforward and deadly
straightforward and deadly
an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ...
an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by
an unnatural calm
blasts
What -LRB- Frei -RRB- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
far more often than the warfare itself --
far more often than the warfare
create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
Alexandre Dumas classic
Alexandre
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
high romance , brought off with considerable wit
high romance ,
brought off with considerable wit
with considerable wit
considerable wit
Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
to be a New Yorker
A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
A funny and touching film that is gorgeously
A funny and touching film
funny and touching film
touching film
that is gorgeously
is gorgeously
acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
by a British cast
a British cast
to rival Gosford Park 's
jump-in-your-seat moment
jump-in-your-seat
believe it or
believe it
can admire
connect with on any deeper level
that rare combination
rare combination
Adam Watstein with finishing it at all
a slice of counterculture
for most of the characters
perfect example
well-intentioned ,
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
a quietly introspective portrait
introspective portrait
Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward
Handsome and sincere but
Handsome and sincere
in its combination of entertainment and evangelical
entertainment and evangelical
entertainment and
evangelical
The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema .
is one of those all-star reunions
one of those all-star reunions
all-star reunions
any viewer , young or old ,
would have a good time here .
would have a good time here
have a good time here
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and
feel a nagging sense of deja vu
the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes
the grandeur
of the best Next Generation episodes
the best Next Generation episodes
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
a one-of-a-kind work
one-of-a-kind work
one-of-a-kind
Theological
leave you speaking in tongues
Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard
its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard
its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB-
-LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB-
-LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences
it does have some very funny sequences
does have some very funny sequences
have some very funny sequences
some very funny sequences
very funny sequences
reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be
how comically
a more engaged and honest treatment
more engaged and honest treatment
more engaged and honest
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego
A first-class road movie that proves you
A first-class road movie
first-class road movie
that proves you
your ego
The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
several survivors ,
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
riveting memories
are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
rendered with such clarity
with such clarity
such clarity
endeavors
A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
A coming-of-age movie
Oprah 's
a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
funny and weird meditation
funny and weird
Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and
Hollywood , success , artistic integrity
Hollywood , success ,
Hollywood , success
dark and quirky comedy
and quirky comedy
quirky comedy
it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
generally mean-spirited
One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .
One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years
One of the most exciting action films
of the most exciting action films
the most exciting action films
most exciting action films
A well-acted movie that simply does n't
A well-acted movie
well-acted movie
started with a great premise
with a great premise
a great premise
great premise
The success of Undercover Brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
The success of Undercover Brother
The success
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
, that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
is interested
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
sucking you in ... and making you sweat
sucking you in ...
you sweat
The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery
dry humor and jarring shocks , plus
dry humor and jarring shocks
jarring shocks
moments of breathtaking mystery
of breathtaking mystery
breathtaking mystery
A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility
fanciful drama
his surprising discovery of love and humility
his surprising discovery
surprising discovery
of love and humility
love and humility
Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton
grace this deeply touching melodrama .
grace this deeply touching melodrama
this deeply touching melodrama
deeply touching melodrama
touching melodrama
below expectations
female empowerment
About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson .
belongs to Nicholson
And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
one of the most interesting writer\/directors
of the most interesting writer\/directors
the most interesting writer\/directors
most interesting
sit through it again
ask for a raise
a raise
At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
At its best , which occurs often
its best ,
Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
rekindles
the muckraking , soul-searching spirit
The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .
of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
von Sydow ...
is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
Intacto 's luckiest stroke
luckiest stroke
luckiest
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy
a cruelly funny twist
cruelly funny twist
cruelly funny
packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
inventive cinematic tricks and
an ironically killer soundtrack
ironically killer soundtrack
killer soundtrack
-LRB- Caine -RRB- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
an admittedly middling film
A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode .
A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB-
A crisp psychological drama
crisp psychological drama
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
a fascinating little thriller
fascinating little thriller
have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
Zone '' episode
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
equally beautiful , self-satisfied
beautiful , self-satisfied
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
scenes and vistas and pretty moments
pretty moments
joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
gay filmmakers
who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
's most substantial feature for some time .
's most substantial feature for some time
most substantial feature for some time
is commentary enough
Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed
Vibrantly colored and
Vibrantly colored
Vibrantly
beautifully designed
, Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
is a feast for the eyes .
is a feast for the eyes
a feast for the eyes
like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
their intelligence
you might be seduced .
seduced
the genuinely funny jokes
genuinely funny jokes
the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession
of romantic obsession
the procession
Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
making moving pictures today
The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
of Read My Lips
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
perfect black pearls
follows its standard formula in this animated adventure
this animated adventure
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ;
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating
are fascinating
the movie as a whole
are terribly convincing
terribly convincing
considering Barry 's terrific performance
Barry 's terrific performance
As it turns out , you can go home again .
can go home again
an iceberg melt -- only
sinuously plotted and
like the happy music
the happy music
happy music
to warm our hearts
warm our hearts
making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
making this character understandable ,
understandable
her skin
It has plenty of laughs .
has plenty of laughs .
has plenty of laughs
plenty of laughs
Paul Bettany is cool .
light and sugary
Macy
on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
Merry
The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .
The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world
an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence
of sensual delights and simmering violence
sensual delights and simmering violence
sensual delights and simmering
delights and simmering
delights and
brings us right into the center of that world
us right into the center of that world
right into the center of that world
Lovely and Amazing , '
Lovely and Amazing ,
has its heart in the right place
its heart in the right place
bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
of lives
A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
A quirky comedy
set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
the distinct and very welcome sense
distinct and very welcome sense
distinct and very welcome
very welcome
of watching intelligent people making a movie
watching intelligent people making a movie
intelligent people
might actually want to watch .
might actually want to watch
want to watch
A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London
A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait
canny , derivative , wildly gruesome
derivative , wildly gruesome
sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists
who 's the scariest of sadists
A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental
genuinely moving and
genuinely moving
wisely
with hearts of gold
hearts of gold
of gold
Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
Some of the most inventive
of the most inventive
the most inventive
most inventive
silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
a movie theatre
Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her
mopping up
The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
takes hold and grips hard .
takes hold and grips hard
takes hold and grips
Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
coming-of-age theme
, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans ''
first-class , natural acting and
first-class , natural acting
, natural acting
real Americans
make this a charmer .
make this a charmer
this a charmer
, well ,
Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
howlingly trashy time
Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
Boisterous , heartfelt comedy
heartfelt comedy
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action ,
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films
The redeeming feature
redeeming feature
with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
a generous cast ,
a generous cast
generous cast
The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful
The vistas are sweeping
are sweeping
the acting is far from painful
a major movie
major movie
Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances
from the brave , uninhibited performances
the brave , uninhibited performances
brave , uninhibited performances
brave , uninhibited
, uninhibited
uninhibited
There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip
There are some movies that hit you from the first scene
are some movies that hit you from the first scene
some movies that hit you from the first scene
hit you from the first scene
first scene
you know it 's going to be a trip
it 's going to be a trip
He 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
the scariest guy you 'll see all summer
see all summer
wackiness
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
Ayres makes the right choices at every turn
makes the right choices at every turn
the right choices at every turn
the right choices
right choices
This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .
close to being exciting
to being exciting
being exciting
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
a scary , action-packed chiller
scary , action-packed chiller
, action-packed chiller
action-packed chiller
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
classic cinema
served up with heart and humor
with heart and humor
heart and humor
is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
is what we call the ` wow ' factor
what we call the ` wow ' factor
we call the ` wow ' factor
call the ` wow ' factor
` wow ' factor
wow ' factor
what it 's trying to say and
dramatic punch and depth
punch and depth
of building to a laugh riot
building to a laugh riot
a laugh riot
laugh riot
disparate funny moments
The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
romance , tragedy
Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
the greater beause director
greater beause director
Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower ,
the cuddly Shower
cuddly
a non-threatening multi-character piece
A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
I loved on first sight and , even more important ,
I loved on first sight and , even more important
loved on first sight and , even more important
even more important
love in remembrance .
love in remembrance
in remembrance
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
with the fast , funny , and even touching story
the fast , funny , and even touching story
fast , funny , and even touching story
fast , funny , and even touching
, funny , and even touching
funny , and even touching
, and even touching
and even touching
Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
it makes up for with its heart .
makes up for with its heart .
makes up for with its heart
for with its heart
Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction
Sensitive ensemble performances and
Sensitive ensemble performances
good period reconstruction
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
moving tragedy
some buoyant human moments
human moments
Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent
he does display an original talent
does display an original talent
display an original talent
an original talent
many a Hollywood romance
As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
, this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
fires on all plasma conduits
Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
an incredibly layered and stylistic film
incredibly layered and stylistic film
incredibly layered and stylistic
layered and stylistic
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
a decent attempt
at meaningful cinema
meaningful cinema
Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
a grand tour
grand tour
through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
cultural identity
a stunning technical achievement
stunning technical achievement
technical achievement
brain-slappingly
that it could become a cult classic
it could become a cult classic
could become a cult classic
become a cult classic
a cult classic
The animation and game phenomenon
animation and game phenomenon
and game phenomenon
phenomenon
peaked about three years ago
peaked
without intent
the central story
Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
, the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
the general 's
in the arguments of competing lawyers
the arguments
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller ,
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
the stomach-knotting suspense
stomach-knotting suspense
a legal thriller
And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor
succeed merrily
merrily
at their noble endeavor
their noble endeavor
noble endeavor
An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
An immensely entertaining look
immensely entertaining look
immensely entertaining
some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
of the unsung heroes of 20th century
the unsung heroes of 20th century
unsung heroes
despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
despite the gravity of its subject matter
, is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western
is often as fun
as fun
to watch as a good spaghetti western
watch as a good spaghetti western
a good spaghetti western
good spaghetti western
spaghetti
But it 's surprisingly harmless .
's surprisingly harmless .
One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
One of the most splendid
of the most splendid
the most splendid
most splendid
As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
awed
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
the power and grace
power and grace
of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
the greatest natural sportsmen
greatest natural sportsmen
natural sportsmen
takes a hat-in-hand approach
for nearly three hours
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view
with a fresh point of view
a fresh point of view
a fresh point
fresh point
Hollywood program
any recent film , independent or otherwise ,
independent or
A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
A solid cast ,
assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
entertainment that parents love to have their kids
parents love to have their kids
love to have their kids
to have their kids
that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
thought it was going to be
it was going to be
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels :
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels
happens to be that rarity among sequels
to be that rarity among sequels
that rarity among sequels
It actually improves upon the original hit movie
actually improves upon the original hit movie
improves upon the original hit movie
the original hit movie
original hit movie
treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role
makes an amazing breakthrough
an amazing breakthrough
amazing breakthrough
eats up the screen
Very well-written and very well-acted .
Very well-written and very well-acted
Very well-written and
Very well-written
very well-acted
This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
This fascinating look at Israel in ferment
This fascinating look
fascinating look
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas ,
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas
of its heightened , well-shaped dramas
its heightened , well-shaped dramas
heightened , well-shaped dramas
, well-shaped dramas
well-shaped dramas
twice as powerful
For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
devastating , eloquent clarity
eloquent clarity
Nice piece of work .
Nice piece of work
Nice piece
Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
fabulously funny and
fabulously funny
fabulously
as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
excels
in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit
kiddie entertainment ,
sophisticated wit
symbolic graphic design
Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished
his promise remains undiminished
his promise
remains undiminished
As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale
satisfyingly odd and intriguing
odd and intriguing
a century and a half ago
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone
a delightfully dour ,
a delightfully dour
delightfully dour
consistency
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors ,
the most fluent of actors
writings to perform
to perform
the visuals , even erotically frank ones ,
erotically frank
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that .
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ,
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
appreciated a smartly written motion picture
a smartly written motion picture
smartly written motion picture
Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
, but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds
The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
The solid filmmaking and convincing characters
The solid filmmaking and
The solid filmmaking
solid filmmaking
convincing characters
makes this a high water mark for this genre .
makes this a high water mark for this genre
this a high water mark for this genre
a high water mark for this genre
a high water mark
high water mark
pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
the silliness of it all eventually prevail
eventually prevail
prevail
Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ...
going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud
the brilliant performances by Testud
the brilliant performances
brilliant performances
, if not memorable , are at least interesting .
, are at least interesting .
are at least interesting .
forgettably pleasant from start to finish
pleasant from start to finish
pleasant from start
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler ,
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
an excellent choice
excellent choice
give the transcendent performance
the transcendent performance
transcendent performance
transcendent
after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
, you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face
A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look
A hallmark film
hallmark film
in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look
in an increasingly important film industry and
an increasingly important film industry
increasingly important film industry
worth the look
Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
Has enough wit
, energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they
energy and geniality
geniality
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject
What one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
, even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
are committed
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
it has made its way into your very bloodstream
has made its way into your very bloodstream
Jim Brown
credulous
... there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens
enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens
enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
originality in ` Life '
to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
of paint-by-number romantic comedies
that so often end up on cinema screens
so often end up on cinema screens
, road-trip version
flows as naturally
as naturally
Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
integrating the characters in the foreground
integrating the characters
into the extraordinarily rich landscape
the extraordinarily rich landscape
extraordinarily rich landscape
extraordinarily rich
, it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
an imaginative filmmaker
imaginative filmmaker
can see the forest for the trees
see the forest for the trees
the forest
A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory
A terrific B movie --
A terrific B movie
terrific B movie
in fact , the best in recent memory
fact , the best in recent memory
the best in recent memory
This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
find greatness
its drastic iconography
The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters
kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters
to engross even the most antsy youngsters
engross even the most antsy youngsters
engross even
engross
most antsy youngsters
I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
that a good video game movie is going to show up soon
a good video game movie
good video game movie
Can you bear the laughter ?
bear the laughter
a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
are side stories aplenty
aplenty
Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez .
Another entertaining
romp from Robert Rodriguez .
A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
A family film
that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
hefty thematic material
is needed to live a rich and full life .
is needed to live a rich and full life
live a rich and full life
a rich and full life
rich and full life
rich and full
It 's a masterpiece .
's a masterpiece .
's a masterpiece
like watching an Eastern imagination explode
-LRB- A -RRB- smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
smarter and much
funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars
the costuming of the stars
than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
which has a handful of smart jokes
has a handful of smart jokes
a handful of smart jokes
of smart jokes
smart jokes
Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
breathes life
into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
these families interact
may surprise you
surprise you
A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and
sit through , enjoy on a certain level
enjoy on a certain level
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense ,
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense
is a success in some sense
They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre
what makes it worth the trip to the theatre
makes it worth the trip to the theatre
worth the trip to the theatre
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
the trees hooting it 's praises
hooting it 's praises
praises
it 's definitely worth taking a look
's definitely worth taking a look
's definitely worth
A gentle and engrossing character study .
A gentle and engrossing character
gentle and engrossing character
gentle and engrossing
should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .
should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
the most triumphant performances
most triumphant performances
most triumphant
big-fisted
Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness
into sub-Tarantino cuteness
for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should ,
makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should
The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should
works the way a good noir should
the way a good noir should
a good noir
good noir
it tight and nasty
tight and nasty
Bettany strut his stuff
strut his stuff
Despite its faults , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
, Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
excels in spectacle and pacing .
excels in spectacle and pacing
spectacle and pacing
, remains a complete blank
Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
is a director to watch .
is a director to watch
Using an endearing cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
Using an endearing cast
an endearing cast
endearing cast
writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
takes a slightly dark look at relationships ,
Cube 's charisma and chemistry
charisma and chemistry
's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama
unusual , thoughtful bio-drama
unusual , thoughtful
with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
a rich subject and
a rich subject
rich subject
some fantastic moments and scenes
fantastic moments and scenes
A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
to the power of the eccentric and the strange
It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
technically sumptuous but also
technically sumptuous but
technically sumptuous
almost wildly alive
wildly alive
It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .
It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and
It 's a compelling and horrifying story
's a compelling and horrifying story
a compelling and horrifying story
compelling and horrifying story
compelling and horrifying
compelling and
The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB- .
the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB-
over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB-
the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB-
the spectacular
visually speaking
It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor ,
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor
life affirming and heartbreaking ,
life affirming and heartbreaking
affirming and heartbreaking
affirming and
sweet without the decay factor
sweet without the decay
funny and sad
The film is explosive ,
The film is explosive
is explosive
of Candid Camera
Candid
It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
gut-wrenching examination
cultural differences
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say
a wonder
could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
brought something fresher to the proceedings
brought something fresher
Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action
do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action
do well to check this one out
to check this one out
check this one out
an actor this uncharismatically beautiful
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
an original and highly cerebral examination
original and highly cerebral examination
original and highly cerebral
highly cerebral
earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer ,
earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer
earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent ,
earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent
earnest and well-meaning , and
earnest and well-meaning ,
earnest and well-meaning
so stocked with talent
My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here
it 's the delivery that matters here
Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
as a classic movie franchise
a classic movie franchise
classic movie franchise
Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
, Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
is heartfelt and achingly real .
is heartfelt and achingly real
heartfelt and achingly real
heartfelt and
Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and
Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury ,
have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration
such fury
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
with a modicum of patience
a modicum of patience
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
a timeless and unique perspective
timeless and unique perspective
timeless and unique
timeless and
An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen
An unflinching ,
complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen
complex portrait of a modern Israel
Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
scenery , vibe and all --
scenery , vibe and all
scenery , vibe
the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
of a big , tender hug
a big , tender hug
big , tender hug
, tender hug
tender hug
of male hustlers
being insightful
Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
elegantly considers various levels of reality and
elegantly considers various levels of reality
Serious and thoughtful .
Serious and thoughtful
Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement ,
Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
that delivers on the promise of excitement
delivers on the promise of excitement
on the promise of excitement
the promise of excitement
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
a strong dramatic and emotional pull
strong dramatic and emotional pull
dramatic and emotional pull
dramatic and emotional
that gradually sneaks up on the audience
gradually sneaks up on the audience
A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not
A properly spooky film about the power of spirits
A properly spooky film
properly spooky film
properly spooky
the power of spirits
we believe in them
Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable
a coming-of-age story and
a perfectly rendered period piece
perfectly rendered period piece
perfectly rendered
Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists
try to surprise us with plot twists
to surprise us with plot twists
surprise us with plot twists
surprise us
seems to enjoy its own transparency
to enjoy its own transparency
enjoy its own transparency
the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer
the training and dedication
training
that goes into becoming a world-class fencer
into becoming a world-class fencer
a world-class fencer
world-class
the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
made a difference
That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying
vintage Spielberg
finally , is minimally satisfying
remind us
can truly be
Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
Braveheart as well as
an irrepressible passion
irrepressible passion
the final product is a ghost
A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself
A forceful drama
forceful drama
who re-invents himself
re-invents himself
The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story ,
even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
even more reassuring
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
so pertinent and enduring
pertinent and enduring
his boisterous energy
boisterous energy
is the only winner
the only winner
The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but
The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people
strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people
the heart ,
short of profound characterizations
of profound characterizations
profound characterizations
A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ,
A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
stays there for the duration
An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action
entertaining , if somewhat standardized ,
if somewhat standardized ,
has no affect on the Kurds
Ken Russell would love this .
would love this .
love this
a dearth
This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic
This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut ,
Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut
an awful lot like life -- gritty ,
The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ...
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking
a remarkable piece of filmmaking
a remarkable piece
remarkable piece
get it
Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .
Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history
Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook
Deserves a place of honor
as a landmark in film history
a landmark in film history
a landmark
film history
Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
Like the best of Godard 's movies
the best of Godard 's movies
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable
is visually ravishing ,
is visually ravishing
visually ravishing
penetrating , impenetrable
penetrating ,
Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
make a delightful comedy centering on food
a delightful comedy centering on food
a delightful comedy
A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
wonderful but sometimes confusing
wonderful but
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and
in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot
few early laughs
early laughs
a rousing success
rousing success
A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
A heroic tale
of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
is sure to win viewers ' hearts
sure to win viewers ' hearts
the best Herzog
best Herzog
perhaps ,
An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .
An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula
An infinitely wittier version
infinitely wittier version
wittier
the Home Alone formula
The film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
The film 's appeal
has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
her pale , dark beauty and
pale , dark beauty
, dark beauty
characteristic warmth
it 's never boring
's never boring
Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
the utter authority of a genre gem
of a genre gem
a genre gem
genre gem
, there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
a certain robustness
certain robustness
robustness
to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
this engaging mix
engaging mix
love and bloodletting
tried-and-true
Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
fresh , unforced naturalism
unforced naturalism
Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
of director Abel Ferrara
may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
Xmas
marks a modest if encouraging return to form
marks a modest if encouraging return
if encouraging return
Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful
contemplative , and
sublimely beautiful
Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
Passions , obsessions , and
are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone
pushed to their most virtuous limits ,
pushed to their most virtuous limits
their most virtuous limits
most virtuous limits
most virtuous
virtuous
an unusually surreal tone
unusually surreal tone
unusually surreal
A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
A chance to see three splendid actors
chance to see three splendid actors
to see three splendid actors
three splendid actors
splendid actors
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
an emotionally satisfying exploration
emotionally satisfying exploration
emotionally satisfying
to be somebody , and to belong to somebody
to be somebody , and
... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave '
one of the more influential works
of the more influential works
the more influential works
influential
The best drug addition movies
depressing but rewarding
Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
the scariest movie
scariest movie
about tattoos
The good thing
to the highest degree
the highest degree
George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
the most creative , energetic and original
most creative , energetic and original
creative , energetic and original
, energetic and original
energetic and original
comedies to hit the screen in years
is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun ,
but an amiably idiosyncratic work
an amiably idiosyncratic work
amiably idiosyncratic work
It 's sweet .
's sweet .
need another film that praises female self-sacrifice
praises female self-sacrifice
Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
of your seat , tense with suspense
your seat , tense with suspense
tense with suspense
It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
to be the movie 's most admirable quality
the movie 's most admirable quality
most admirable quality
admirable quality
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material
an addictive guilty pleasure
addictive guilty pleasure
addictive
it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
that 's so bad it starts to become good
it starts to become good
starts to become good
become good
An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people
An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers
Throughout all the tumult
As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
emphasizes the computer and the cool
the computer and
, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
favor of tradition and warmth
of tradition and warmth
tradition and warmth
The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution
is smart and entirely charming
smart and entirely charming
entirely charming
That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
rare film
whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
is , in fact , so interesting
embellishment
needed .
A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s
A powerful and telling story that examines
A powerful and telling story
powerful and telling story
powerful and telling
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today
love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today
that are as valid today
valid
are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .
are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent
are both superb ,
are both superb
while Huppert ... is magnificent
Huppert ... is magnificent
... is magnificent
is magnificent
a ploddingly melodramatic structure
, it comes to life in the performances .
comes to life in the performances .
to life in the performances
life in the performances
In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
super heroes
, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
revigorates
the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
in which the script and characters hold sway
the script and characters hold sway
The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
black-and-white psychedelia
is quite beautiful
quite beautiful
for cryin '
Episode II --
juice and delight
's all entertaining enough
all entertaining enough
hefty anti-establishment message
is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
a whip-crack of a buddy movie
of a buddy movie
a buddy movie
A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
A bright , inventive
bright , inventive
, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy
winning flight of revisionist fancy
revisionist fancy
If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days
a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days
a good yarn --
a good yarn
which is nothing to sneeze at these days
is nothing to sneeze at these days
nothing to sneeze at these days
A close-to-solid espionage thriller
close-to-solid
It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
Scherfig , the writer-director
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
so unabashedly hopeful
unabashedly hopeful
that it actually makes the heart soar
it actually makes the heart soar
actually makes the heart soar
makes the heart soar
the heart soar
Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
Talk to Her is so darned assured
darned assured
, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
absolutely no idea
who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
the film is well under way --
it 's hard to stop watching
's hard to stop watching
hard to stop watching
A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight ,
A miraculous movie
miraculous movie
yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
overflows with wisdom and emotion .
overflows with wisdom and emotion
overflows
with wisdom and emotion
wisdom and emotion
Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
this intricately structured and well-realized drama
intricately structured and well-realized drama
intricately structured and well-realized
structured and well-realized
structured and
that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and
a fascinating glimpse of urban life
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary ,
has made a decent ` intro ' documentary
made a decent ` intro ' documentary
a decent ` intro ' documentary
decent ` intro ' documentary
a spectator
Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments
Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
vividly and
to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature
, biting and witty feature
biting and witty feature
and witty feature
witty feature
Susan
falling in love
Sexy and romantic .
Sexy and romantic
Sexy and
be post-feminist breezy
the chatter
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star ,
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star
has a brilliant director and charismatic star
a brilliant director and charismatic star
a brilliant director and
a brilliant director
brilliant director
charismatic star
It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
finds its moviegoing pleasures
its moviegoing pleasures
moviegoing pleasures
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
take notice
Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them
all end
has its moments , but ultimately
the cut of being placed on any list of favorites
of being placed on any list of favorites
being placed on any list of favorites
placed on any list of favorites
on any list of favorites
of favorites
The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .
The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast
The riveting performances
riveting performances
by the incredibly flexible cast
the incredibly flexible cast
incredibly flexible cast
incredibly flexible
flexible
make Love a joy to behold .
Love a joy to behold
Love a joy
a joy
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ,
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
had from films crammed with movie references
these women 's
require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer
the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer
the full emotional involvement and
involvement
Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
takes care
with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
are so believable that you feel what they feel
so believable that you feel what they feel
believable that you feel what they feel
that you feel what they feel
you feel what they feel
The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
a serious minded patience , respect and affection
serious minded patience , respect and affection
minded patience , respect and affection
patience , respect and affection
respect and affection
this one gets off with a good natured warning
gets off with a good natured warning
a good natured warning
good natured
What ` Blade Runner ' would
A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
a solid pedigree
solid pedigree
in the latest
Austin Powers extravaganza
to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny
, The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
is really all about performances
metal , fireballs and revenge
's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear
a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion
a tour de force ,
written and directed so quietly
brought to life on the big screen .
brought to life on the big screen
inexpressible
the surprise ending is revealed
the surprise ending
The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
the the wisdom and humor
the wisdom and humor
wisdom and humor
Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
makes the clothes
As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
, Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
an engaging , wide-eyed actress
engaging , wide-eyed actress
wide-eyed
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm
infuses the movie with much of its slender ,
infuses the movie with much of its slender
glinting charm
Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ...
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year
a true study , a film with a questioning heart
a true study ,
that is n't afraid to admit it
the answers
cinematically powerful
, which is powerful in itself .
which is powerful in itself
is powerful in itself
What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
What 's most memorable about Circuit
's most memorable about Circuit
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
small ... with considerable aplomb
with considerable aplomb
considerable aplomb
Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
Best of all
is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
a deep bow
deep bow
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out
an engrossing entertainment
engrossing entertainment
an almost sure-fire prescription
A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
A remarkably insightful
remarkably insightful
look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
the backstage angst
of the stand-up comic
The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.
fit the incredible storyline to a T.
fit the incredible storyline
the incredible storyline
incredible storyline
to a T.
If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
a sane regimen
eating , sleeping and stress-reducing
stress-reducing
, it is clearly a good thing .
it is clearly a good thing .
is clearly a good thing .
is clearly a good thing
a good thing
A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise
A gangster movie with the capacity
Has its share of arresting images
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and
There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .
's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger
a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger
slapping extreme humor
extreme humor
put in service
behind the project
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile
ultimately worthwhile
This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
This charming but slight tale
charming but slight tale
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
warmth , wit and interesting characters
, wit and interesting characters
wit and interesting characters
and interesting characters
compassionately portrayed
compassionately
anything but frustrating , boring , and
anything but frustrating ,
ate a Reeses
's an often-cute film
an often-cute film
often-cute film
often-cute
judicious editing
This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
invulnerable as its trademark villain
of the intelligent , well-made B movie
the intelligent , well-made B movie
intelligent , well-made B movie
, well-made B movie
one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
want to watch if you only had a week to live
watch if you only had a week to live
An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
An Inuit masterpiece
Inuit masterpiece
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
goosebumps
its uncanny tale
uncanny tale
love , communal discord ,
to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
in reverse
the truly funny bits
truly funny bits
a slice of American Pie hijinks
from Dawson 's Creek
original character , siuation or joke
are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
are The Greatest Musicians of All Time
The Greatest Musicians
Greatest Musicians
This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force
a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force
a stunning film ,
a stunning film
stunning film
a one-of-a-kind tour de force
one-of-a-kind tour de force
It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
a wise and powerful tale
wise and powerful tale
wise and powerful
of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
told , with superb performances throughout
with superb performances throughout
superb performances throughout
superb performances
It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space
It 's an entertaining movie , and
It 's an entertaining movie ,
It 's an entertaining movie
's an entertaining movie
an entertaining movie
entertaining movie
will all but take you to outer space
take you to outer space
As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
, Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
Shyamalan 's gifts ,
Shyamalan 's gifts
which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
'll keep watching the skies for his next project
keep watching the skies for his next project
of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
a witty expose
witty expose
an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
to watch too many Barney videos
A technical triumph and an extraordinary
A technical triumph and
technical triumph
an extraordinary
It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
with his effortless performance
his effortless performance
effortless performance
that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
that trademark grin of his --
that trademark grin of his
that trademark grin
trademark grin
so perfect for a ballplayer
perfect for a ballplayer
Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
affirm
power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
a climactic hero 's
beloved-major
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film
invite
some genuine spontaneity
genuine spontaneity
for once
Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
fights the good fight in Vietnam
the good fight
good fight
in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
with a core of decency
Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
because it made him feel powerful
made him feel powerful
Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
, but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
, but I suspect it might deliver again and again
I suspect it might deliver again and again
suspect it might deliver again and again
it might deliver again and again
might deliver again and again
deliver again and again
It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue ,
Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue
punchy dialogue
Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams ,
Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams
grasps
Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis
is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
a stunning new young talent in one
a stunning new young talent
stunning new young talent
of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
most intense psychological mysteries
most intense
The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable
are of the highest and the performances
of the highest and the performances
the highest and the performances
being memorable
Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
Nair 's attention to detail
creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
creates an impeccable sense of place ,
creates an impeccable sense of place
an impeccable sense
impeccable sense
while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
Thurman
give what can easily be considered career-best performances
what can easily be considered career-best performances
can easily be considered career-best performances
be considered career-best performances
considered career-best performances
career-best performances
career-best
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
way original
all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain
that memorable , but as downtown
that memorable ,
that memorable
, it does n't disappoint .
it does n't disappoint .
Iranian drama
ayatollah
By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic
fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic
fanciful ,
grisly and engagingly quixotic
engagingly
truly edgy --
truly edgy
to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
of its stylish surprises
its stylish surprises
stylish surprises
has a nearly terminal case of the cutes
cutes
The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang
The gentle comic treatment
should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
in all its strange quirks
all its strange quirks
... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
how to win the battle
It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration
grabs you
shakes you vigorously for its duration
shakes you vigorously
And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
be talking about the film once you exit the theater
Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon
enamored
wo n't be disappointed .
An extraordinary dramatic experience .
extraordinary dramatic experience .
dramatic experience .
It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
a great performance and
a great performance
great performance
It looks good ,
It looks good
fulfills one facet of its mission
that 's true
The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic
the characters are intriguing and realistic
are intriguing and realistic
intriguing and realistic
the film 's considered approach
calm and thoughtful
But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
it will just as likely make you weep ,
will just as likely make you weep
it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
that seems tailor
offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch
offer some modest amusements
some modest amusements
modest amusements
amusements
nothing else to watch
Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
resemble their celebrity parents
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera
fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera
fresh good looks and
an ease in front of the camera
an ease
Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
, glaring and unforgettable .
glaring and unforgettable .
glaring and unforgettable
Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
a sense of dramatic urgency
dramatic urgency
, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude
with a pleasing verisimilitude
a pleasing verisimilitude
pleasing verisimilitude
directs with such patronising reverence
some serious soul
serious soul
, they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset
go to a picture-perfect beach
to a picture-perfect beach
a picture-perfect beach
picture-perfect beach
during sunset
Psychologically savvy .
Psychologically savvy
Another Best of the Year selection .
Another Best of the Year selection
Another Best
the Year selection
As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
by Ryan Gosling
, Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
frighteningly fascinating contradiction
frighteningly fascinating
An Asian neo-realist treasure .
Asian neo-realist treasure .
treasure .
An achingly enthralling premise , the film
An achingly enthralling premise ,
An achingly enthralling premise
achingly enthralling premise
get under the skin
this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and
the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness
visual playfulness
the outlandishness of the idea itself
See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
, see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
see it for the passion
into forced fuzziness
However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
it 's pleasant enough and
it 's pleasant enough
's pleasant enough
its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
ecological
are certainly welcome
are certainly
Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
blithe rebel fantasy
the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably
anything we have n't seen before
director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably
director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance
visual veneer
Kilmer 's absorbing performance
absorbing performance
increase the gravitational pull
the gravitational pull
gravitational
the young actors , not very experienced ,
very experienced
Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
, RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
is something of a triumph .
is something of a triumph
something of a triumph
of a triumph
While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
for every taste
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
often very funny
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
the National Lampoon film franchise ,
the National Lampoon film franchise
There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
A knowing
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
female friendship ,
spiked with raw urban humor
with raw urban humor
raw urban humor
Frank Capra 's classic
, and better
Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
has a pleasing way with a metaphor
a pleasing way with a metaphor
a pleasing way
pleasing way
only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .
were made to share the silver screen .
were made to share the silver screen
made to share the silver screen
to share the silver screen
a full-blooded film
full-blooded
Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
serious subject matter and
dark , funny humor
, funny humor
funny humor
make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
`` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
a film worth watching
The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
is actually one of its strengths .
is actually one of its strengths
one of its strengths
its strengths
A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
A cutesy romantic tale with a twist
A cutesy romantic tale
cutesy romantic tale
romantic tale
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue
rape and suspected murder
A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
competent , unpretentious entertainment
competent , unpretentious
destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
dutifully pulling on heartstrings
pulling on heartstrings
, directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
valiantly keep punching up the mix .
punching up the mix
much of the action takes place
It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
the brilliant surfing photography
brilliant surfing photography
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
the summer 's most pleasurable movies
most pleasurable movies
pleasurable movies
The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
are anguished , bitter and truthful
bitter and truthful
as compelling or as believable
as compelling
A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world
A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
cultural and personal self-discovery and
cultural and personal self-discovery
personal self-discovery
a picaresque view
a little-remembered world
While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
, the movie is better than you might think .
the movie is better than you might think .
is better than you might think .
is better than you might think
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot ,
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot
nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot
shimmers with it
At every opportunity to do something clever
something clever
goes right
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
a stylish exercise
stylish exercise
is no doubt true
One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
regards Reign of Fire with awe .
regards Reign of Fire with awe
with awe
If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
something of a public service --
something of a public service
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians
on a group of extremely talented musicians
a group of extremely talented musicians
of extremely talented musicians
extremely talented musicians
extremely talented
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
go unnoticed and underappreciated
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle
an adorably whimsical comedy
adorably whimsical comedy
that deserves more than a passing twinkle
deserves more than a passing twinkle
a passing twinkle
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions
that provide its thrills and extreme emotions
provide its thrills and extreme emotions
its thrills and extreme emotions
thrills and extreme emotions
thrills and extreme
their luster
, will be ahead of the plot at all times
the plot at all times
enough clever innuendo to fil
enough clever
appeals to you
, then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
the film is a pleasant enough dish .
is a pleasant enough dish .
is a pleasant enough dish
a pleasant enough dish
pleasant enough dish
digital photography
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
anachronistic quick edits and
occasional jarring glimpses
of the theater
a bizarre curiosity memorable
bizarre curiosity
potentially interesting subject matter
potentially interesting subject
interesting subject
The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
powder blues
sun-splashed whites
make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
an alluring backdrop
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
this sensuous and spirited tale
sensuous and spirited tale
sensuous and spirited
sensuous and
The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
The amazing film work
amazing film work
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
is so convincing
so convincing
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
showcases a group of dedicated artists
a group of dedicated artists
of dedicated artists
dedicated artists
dedicated
initiation rite
, as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
as it is for Angelique
, the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
opening -RRB- dance
guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women
guarantees
Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women
enthronement
among the cinema 's memorable women
the cinema 's memorable women
memorable women
That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
this man so watchable
so watchable
is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
is a tribute
not only to his craft , but to his legend
to his craft , but to his legend
his craft
, but to his legend
For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
, Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable ,
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable
suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable
ultimately unpredictable
a sterling ensemble cast
sterling ensemble cast
All in all , a great party .
All in all , a great party
in all , a great party
all , a great party
a great party
great party
Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
embodies the transformation of his character completely .
embodies the transformation of his character completely
embodies the transformation of his character
of his character
Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
to champion the fallibility of the human heart
champion the fallibility of the human heart
of the human heart
here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
, he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
insists on the importance of those moments
on the importance of those moments
when people can connect and express their love for each other
people can connect and express their love for each other
connect and express their love
The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best ,
let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best
Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best
do what he does best
what he does best
he does best
does best
It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman
cute frissons
discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman
discovery and humor
between Chaplin and Kidman
that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
not just ticking , but humming
Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
Simply and eloquently
articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
articulates
particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable
is a film in which the talent is undeniable
a film in which the talent is undeniable
in which the talent is undeniable
the talent is undeniable
signing
A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
A stirring , funny and
A stirring , funny
stirring , funny
stirring ,
finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
re-imagining of Beauty and
The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
The best animated
best animated
feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago
to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago
since Beauty and the Beast
of a comedy of a premise
a comedy of a premise
it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films
is a commentary about our knowledge of films
It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series
's surprisingly decent , particularly
's surprisingly decent ,
's surprisingly decent
Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
humorously
Spain 's greatest star wattage
greatest star wattage
does n't offer any easy answers .
offer any easy answers
distinguishable
defined
stylish tracking shots
handheld
new sequel
Smarter than its commercials make it seem .
what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story
was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story
a fascinating , riveting story
fascinating , riveting story
, riveting story
Academy Award
winning actor
's TV sitcom material at best
the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
a precisely layered performance
precisely layered performance
layered performance
pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify
A weird , arresting little ride .
arresting little ride
One funny popcorn flick .
One funny popcorn
funny popcorn
But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
watch the movie
, you 're too interested to care .
you 're too interested to care .
Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .
Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
Short-story quaint
touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
touchingly
out of Eudora Welty
a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
a crazy work of disturbed genius or
a crazy work of disturbed genius
of disturbed genius
action\/comedy buddy movie
make a hip comedy
a hip comedy
hip comedy
I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
amused by the idea
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
, Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
average coming-of-age tale
elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .
elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother
the wholesome twist
wholesome twist
Consider this review life-affirming
this review life-affirming
heady yet far from impenetrable theory
closed-off nationalist reality
-LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect ,
a suburban architect
There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
90-plus
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
his impressions of life and loss and
time and art
with us
Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory
Stay for the credits
that is revelatory
The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack
sentimental script
the actors pick up the slack
fairly harmless
going to jell
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable
ever-growing category
acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
acute enough
to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity
for its intelligence and intensity
its intelligence and intensity
intelligence and intensity
this conflict
UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
spoofs and celebrates
spoofs
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are
more outre aspects
even as it points out how inseparable the two are
it points out how inseparable the two are
how inseparable the two are
It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
, unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk
, it offers hope
it offers hope
offers hope
The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .
The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
The most amazing super-sized dosage
most amazing super-sized dosage
most amazing
Jackass '' fan
Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .
has done excellent work here .
has done excellent work here
done excellent work here
done excellent work
excellent work
Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
has never been smoother or more confident .
has never been smoother or more confident
been smoother or more confident
smoother or more confident
smoother
more confident
Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ?
presents a frightening and compelling ` What if
a frightening and compelling ` What if
a frightening and compelling `
a frightening and compelling
frightening and compelling
broadly metaphorical
excruciatingly
E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
the wise , wizened visitor
wise , wizened
wizened
from a faraway planet
A film of quiet power .
A film of quiet power
Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
Hollywood movie
it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
well-written and occasionally challenging
well-written and
that actually has something interesting to say
actually has something interesting to say
has something interesting to say
be much funnier than anything
much funnier than anything
funnier than anything
An enthralling , entertaining feature .
An enthralling , entertaining feature
An enthralling ,
An enthralling
entertaining feature
A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
bitter nor sweet
It 's worth taking the kids to .
's worth taking the kids to .
's worth taking the kids to
where something 's happening
This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but
This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
a strong message
strong message
about never giving up on a loved one
a loved one
loved one
an easy movie to watch
sketches ...
sketches
true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst
comedy fare
allows us to chuckle through the angst
delicate , clever direction
delicate , clever
, clever
a wonderful , imaginative script
wonderful , imaginative script
wonderful , imaginative
, imaginative
sweet smile
Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
can take credit for most of the movie 's success
take credit for most of the movie 's success
for most of the movie 's success
most of the movie 's success
of the movie 's success
the movie 's success
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in
My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart
'' comes from the heart
A portrait of alienation so perfect ,
A portrait of alienation so perfect
A portrait of alienation
so perfect
shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
to an imitation movie
the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts
Elizabeth Hurley 's
is authentic .
is authentic
A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God
A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie
highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie
highly spirited
, imaginative kid 's movie
imaginative kid 's movie
neo-Augustinian theology : Is God
Is God
in Heaven
of His best-known creation
His best-known creation
best-known creation
For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
the charm of Kevin Kline and
the charm of Kevin Kline
a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
old-fashioned values
the interior lives of the characters in his film
's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed
Rocky and
completely enlightening
catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
this movie loves women at all
so crazy !
A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
A bodice-ripper for intellectuals
The Master of Disguise is funny --
The Master of Disguise is funny
ha
funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny
performer '' funny
'' funny
At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
the divine calling
of education
painstaking
process of imparting knowledge .
a fully developed story
fully developed story
, it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
` hip '
hip '
` innovative ' and ` realistic '
innovative ' and ` realistic '
' and ` realistic '
` realistic '
realistic '
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
of the best of the swashbucklers
the best of the swashbucklers
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
it is a whole lot of fun and
it is a whole lot of fun
is a whole lot of fun
a whole lot of fun
you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil
the world 's best actors ,
the world 's best actors
best actors
have a whale of a good time .
have a whale of a good time
a whale of a good time
so grainy and rough , so
` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
` naturalistic ' rather than
naturalistic '
carefully lit and set up
carefully lit
Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
a refreshing and comical spin
refreshing and comical spin
refreshing and comical
refreshing and
comical
The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .
The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
The cast is top-notch and
The cast is top-notch
is top-notch
I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
a renowned filmmaker
renowned filmmaker
see her Esther blossom as an actress ,
see her Esther blossom as an actress
be growing
a septuagenarian
a clever gimmick
are hardly specific to their era
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
of her life with the imagery in her paintings
so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
a striking new significance for anyone
striking new significance
for anyone
It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
It 's a good film ,
It 's a good film
's a good film
of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
aspiration to be a true ` epic '
aspiration
be a true ` epic '
a true ` epic '
true ` epic '
epic '
Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
watch and -- especially -- to listen to
As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
As an actor 's showcase
, Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player
has much to recommend it ,
has much to recommend it
even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player
the most impressive player
most impressive player
most impressive
continues .
frightfest
Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
will assuredly
assuredly
have their funny bones tickled
their funny bones tickled
funny bones tickled
bones tickled
tickled
in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
suspense , surprise and
suspense , surprise
consistent emotional conviction
emotional conviction
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring ,
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing ,
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing
Wickedly funny ,
visually engrossing
challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
to think about the ways we consume pop culture
keeps it fast -- zippy ,
keeps it fast -- zippy
pro-Serb propaganda
Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
Bravo for history
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love
the uncompromising knowledge
uncompromising knowledge
that the highest power of all is the power of love
the highest power of all is the power of love
the highest power
highest power
is the power of love
the power of love
This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
is the stuff that Disney movies are made of
For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !
For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films
those who like quirky , slightly strange French films
like quirky , slightly strange French films
quirky , slightly strange French films
, this is a must !
this is a must !
is a must !
This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
one of the rarest kinds of films :
one of the rarest kinds of films
of the rarest kinds of films
the rarest kinds of films
the rarest kinds
a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
a family-oriented non-Disney film
family-oriented
that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
is actually funny without hitting below the belt
funny without hitting below the belt
A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man
A strong first act and
A strong first act
strong first act
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous ,
, inescapably gorgeous ,
inescapably gorgeous ,
gorgeous ,
of the amazing Spider-Man
the amazing Spider-Man
its good qualities
good qualities
An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up
An energetic , violent movie
energetic , violent movie
with a momentum that never lets up
a momentum that never lets up
He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
creative contributions
contributions
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution ,
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
brand name
in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad
Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and
Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful
heartbreakingly beautiful
It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
has a way of seeping into your consciousness ,
has a way of seeping into your consciousness
a way of seeping into your consciousness
to justify a film
as scary-funny as Tremors
scary-funny
-LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .
Shakespeare 's eloquent language
eloquent language
It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .
, Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves
the Academy loves
a powerful political message
powerful political message
Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
Much of the movie 's charm
of the movie 's charm
the movie 's charm
lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
the utter cuteness
utter cuteness
Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters ,
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic
perfectly executed and
perfectly executed
wonderfully sympathetic
who are alternately touching and funny
are alternately touching and funny
alternately touching and funny
touching and funny
touching and
, fine music never heard
fine music
The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general
just might turn on many people to opera , in general
might turn on many people to opera , in general
turn on many people to opera , in general
turn on many people to opera ,
turn on many people to opera
turn on many people
, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
an art
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty --
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar
at once visceral and spiritual ,
at once visceral and spiritual
visceral and spiritual
visceral and
wonderfully vulgar
sublimely lofty
as emotionally grand
emotionally grand
Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and
Payne has created a beautiful canvas ,
Payne has created a beautiful canvas
has created a beautiful canvas
created a beautiful canvas
a beautiful canvas
beautiful canvas
Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
once again that he 's the best brush in the business
that he 's the best brush in the business
he 's the best brush in the business
the best brush in the business
the best brush
best brush
in the business
find much fascination in the swinging
find much fascination
bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene
, shoot-em-up scene
merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority
a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority
Ford effortlessly filled with authority
filled with authority
The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .
is that it 's actually watchable .
is that it 's actually watchable
that it 's actually watchable
it 's actually watchable
's actually watchable
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor ,
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor
A fantastically vital movie
fantastically vital movie
fantastically vital
fantastically
that manages to invest real humor
manages to invest real humor
real humor
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys
sensuality , and
Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
manage to hit all of its marks
to hit all of its marks
of its marks
, it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
's still entertaining to watch the target practice
entertaining to watch the target practice
target practice
A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
much dramatic impact
it had a sense of humor
had a sense of humor
Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
directed and convincingly acted .
directed and convincingly acted
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable
While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
to suspense thriller
's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
appealing character quirks
Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
brings a beguiling freshness
a beguiling freshness
beguiling freshness
to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
a buoyant , expressive flow of images
a buoyant , expressive flow
buoyant , expressive flow
buoyant , expressive
expressive
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
emerges as another key contribution
as another key contribution
another key contribution
to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
the flowering of the South Korean cinema
flowering
laughs at how clever it 's being .
at how clever it 's being
how clever
Wow .
Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .
Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage
you 've figured out Late Marriage
, it throws you for a loop .
it throws you for a loop .
Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .
Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
fantasized
afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
should catch this IMAX offering .
should catch this IMAX offering
catch this IMAX offering
I laughed at
laughed at
This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller
characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller
characteristically complex
in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
on the subgenre
an ebullient affection
ebullient affection
With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
, ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
the perfect starting point
perfect starting point
` hypertime '
but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
the grosses
satisfactorily
exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
its gender politics , genre thrills
genre thrills
informs
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
become a major-league leading lady
a major-league leading lady
major-league
a psychological mystery
sweet time building
a climax
it arrives
Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly
Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff
Big Payoff
hit their marks , pyro-correctly
hit their marks ,
hit their marks
K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
: The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
The Widowmaker is a great yarn
is a great yarn
a great yarn
great yarn
It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
's funny ,
as the old saying goes , because it 's true
the old saying goes , because it 's true
it 's true
A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
A sexy , surprising romance ...
A sexy , surprising romance
sexy , surprising romance
, surprising romance
surprising romance
Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
make a gorgeous pair ...
make a gorgeous pair
a gorgeous pair
gorgeous pair
their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
scenes brim
A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .
A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ...
See it now ,
See it now
the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles
odd , intriguing
, intriguing
feature-length running time
ever knew about generating suspense
knew about generating suspense
generating suspense
The acting is fine but
The acting is fine
is fine
checkout
Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
Fresh and raw
, Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it
beats new life into it
beats new life
There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice ,
There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice
's no question that Epps scores once or twice
Epps scores once or twice
Epps scores
's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
funniest moment
crash-and-bash action
A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
finds warmth in the coldest environment and
finds warmth in the coldest environment
finds warmth
makes each crumb of emotional comfort
of emotional comfort
emotional comfort
feel like a 10-course banquet .
feel like a 10-course banquet
like a 10-course banquet
a 10-course banquet
10-course banquet
One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
of a certain ambition
a certain ambition
certain ambition
in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness
sweetness , clarity and emotional openness
sweetness , clarity and emotional
, clarity and emotional
clarity and emotional
that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ...
The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
apparent joy
that you ca n't look away from
you ca n't look away from
ca n't look away from
, then look no further , because here it is .
then look no further , because here it is .
look no further , because here it is .
look no further ,
many artists
Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
a film you will never forget
you will never forget
-- that you should never forget
should never forget
without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision
vision is beginning to feel
is beginning to feel
A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
the most practiced curmudgeon
most practiced
to crack a smile at
crack a smile at
crack a smile
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake ,
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake
gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake
gets a lot of flavor and spice
a lot of flavor and spice
flavor and spice
leftovers
so substantial or fresh
substantial or fresh
lead a group of talented friends astray
lead a group of talented friends
a group of talented friends
talented friends
Moving and vibrant .
Moving and vibrant
A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
A penetrating , potent exploration
penetrating , potent exploration
, potent exploration
potent exploration
of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
self-determination
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing ,
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving
African American professionals
could be intriguing
be intriguing
The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
is Polanski 's best film .
is Polanski 's best film
Polanski 's best film
A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
A compelling , gut-clutching piece
compelling , gut-clutching piece
, gut-clutching piece
gut-clutching piece
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
carries you along in a torrent of emotion
carries you along
carries you
a torrent of emotion
a torrent
it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
Enormously enjoyable
, high-adrenaline documentary .
high-adrenaline documentary .
high-adrenaline documentary
the past via surrealist flourishes
surrealist flourishes
A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
like to skip but film buffs should get to know
but film buffs should get to know
Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
, E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
is still a cinematic touchstone .
is still a cinematic touchstone
a cinematic touchstone
cinematic touchstone
If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire
a vampire
would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective
affecting , amusing , sad and reflective
, amusing , sad and reflective
amusing , sad and reflective
By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
, tender and heart-wrenching
tender and heart-wrenching
, Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best
all the earmarks of French cinema at its best
the earmarks
of French cinema at its best
French cinema at its best
Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
manages , with terrific flair ,
manages , with terrific flair
with terrific flair
terrific flair
keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
farce and blood-curdling family intensity
blood-curdling family intensity
Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
might not have been such a bad day after all
A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences
on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi
Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences
is an absolute delight for all audiences
an absolute delight for all audiences
an absolute delight
absolute delight
for all audiences
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
An excellent sequel .
excellent sequel .
comes together as a coherent whole .
comes together as a coherent whole
a coherent whole
puts an exclamation point on the fact
puts an exclamation point
an exclamation point
something to be taken seriously
the movie rising above similar fare
rising above similar fare
The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
will have you talking 'til the end of the year
have you talking 'til the end of the year
salvos hitting a discernible target .
Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters ,
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters
the multi-layers of its characters
the multi-layers
multi-layers
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
to be embraced
be embraced
thematic resonance
Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .
Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing
, Storytelling is far more appealing
Storytelling is far more appealing
is far more appealing
far more appealing
vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste
Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally ,
Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
depicts this relationship with economical grace ,
with economical grace
economical grace
his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
his superb actors
superb actors
Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
... wise and elegiac ...
wise and elegiac ...
It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
any awards
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
delivers big time
video , and
of artifice and purpose
The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense ,
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense
gives ample opportunity
for large-scale action and suspense
large-scale action and suspense
large-scale
action and
which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
Shekhar Kapur
supplies with tremendous skill
with tremendous skill
tremendous skill
What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
How I Killed My Father compelling
I Killed My Father compelling
, besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
besides its terrific performances
its terrific performances
terrific performances
is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
A movie of riveting power and sadness .
A movie of riveting power and sadness
of riveting power and sadness
riveting power and sadness
of an intriguing curiosity
an intriguing curiosity
intriguing curiosity
a gripping thriller
gripping thriller
A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
A worthwhile documentary ,
A worthwhile documentary
worthwhile documentary
go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and
`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme
a much funnier film with a similar theme
a much funnier film
much funnier film
funnier film
an equally great Robin Williams performance
equally great Robin Williams performance
equally great
While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
, we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
no trouble sitting for Blade II
for Blade II
Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
Rick
as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
an articulate , grown-up voice
articulate , grown-up voice
grown-up voice
Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears .
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
an imaginative teacher
imaginative teacher
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
emotional intelligence
in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
this engaging film
two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
William James once called ` the gift of tears
once called ` the gift of tears
the gift of tears
Such a fine idea
a fine idea
fine idea
from the shadow of Ellis ' book
of Ellis ' book
have been a painless time-killer
painless
It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage
inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage
inventive , consistently intelligent and
inventive , consistently intelligent
consistently intelligent
The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
is worth your time , especially
is worth your time ,
is worth your time
you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
While the performances are often engaging
the performances are often engaging
are often engaging
some phenomenal performances
phenomenal performances
Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
, MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it
with a philosophical visual coming right
a philosophical visual coming right
philosophical visual coming right
visual coming right
at the end that extravagantly redeems it
the end that extravagantly redeems it
that extravagantly redeems it
extravagantly redeems it
extravagantly
redeems it
eager to please
distinguishes
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away
be white-knuckled and unable to look away
white-knuckled and unable to look away
white-knuckled
The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera ,
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera
pack a powerful emotional wallop
a powerful emotional wallop
powerful emotional wallop
Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
employ their quirky and fearless ability
their quirky and fearless ability
quirky and fearless ability
quirky and fearless
to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
end up laughing
The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough
clever , offbeat and even gritty enough
clever , offbeat and
clever , offbeat
clever ,
even gritty enough
gritty enough
to overcome my resistance
The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
dangerously honest
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair
surprising flair
for self-deprecating comedy
self-deprecating comedy
A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
A delicious and delicately funny look
delicious and delicately funny look
delicious and delicately
delicious and
at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ;
Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans
no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans
delight Plympton 's legion of fans
glitz
Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
never wanted to leave .
-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .
-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy
an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
an intimacy
that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
sucks you in and
sucks you in
sucks you
as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac
in on the resourceful amnesiac
resourceful amnesiac
for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
Damon\/Bourne or
Malone
a gift for generating nightmarish images
burn out
There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
entertained by the sight of someone
Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust
a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust
a very moving and revelatory footnote
very moving and revelatory footnote
very moving and revelatory
moving and revelatory
Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .
Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls
its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls
formidable
Group articulates a flood of emotion .
articulates a flood of emotion .
a flood of emotion
Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
Manages to accomplish what few sequels can --
Manages to accomplish what few sequels can
to accomplish what few sequels can
accomplish what few sequels can
it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
equals the original and in some ways even betters it
equals the original
even betters it
betters it
The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
The leads are natural and lovely
are natural and lovely
natural and lovely
natural and
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly
serene , the humor wry and sprightly
serene
, the humor wry and sprightly
the humor wry and sprightly
the humor wry and
the humor wry
humor wry
Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
illuminates
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
has a funny moment or two
a funny moment or two
a funny moment or
a funny moment
funny moment
It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
like having a real film of Nijinsky
a real film
real film
of Nijinsky
at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
male hip hop fantasy
hip hop fantasy
with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
-- more accurately , it 's moving
more accurately , it 's moving
it 's moving
's moving
gesturing
Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within
of a man with unimaginable demons
with unimaginable demons
A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
stimulate
Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad ,
Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad
Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
a fine , understated piece of filmmaking
understated piece of filmmaking
understated piece
have potential as a cult film ,
have potential as a cult film
have potential
as a cult film
cult film
In the telling of a story largely untold
a story largely untold
Bui
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year
is not only the best date movie of the year
the best date movie of the year
the best date movie
best date movie
, it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American ,
also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American
delightfully charming -- and totally American
delightfully charming -- and
delightfully charming --
delightfully charming
I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
might add -- slice of comedic bliss
slice of comedic bliss
of comedic bliss
comedic bliss
bliss
Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils
a satisfactory overview
satisfactory overview
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
your reward
reward
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
thoughtful , emotional movie experience
thoughtful , emotional
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ,
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
, and room noise
is a disarmingly lived-in movie
Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
Neil Burger here succeeded in
succeeded in
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
The Komediant is a tale worth catching .
is a tale worth catching .
is a tale worth catching
a tale worth catching
worth catching
Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
, we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
that its visual imagination is breathtaking
its visual imagination is breathtaking
its visual imagination
is breathtaking
has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens
been more fun than it is in Nine Queens
Nine Queens
Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic
Funny , sexy ,
Funny , sexy
incurably romantic
Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
Morgen and Nanette Burstein
have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
have put together a bold biographical fantasia
put together a bold biographical fantasia
a bold biographical fantasia
bold biographical fantasia
biographical fantasia
a lump of Play-Doh
It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way ,
, in an irresistible junior-high way ,
in an irresistible junior-high way ,
junior-high
would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
you to give it a millisecond of thought
than the first 30 or 40 minutes
for a few comic turns
-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities
an actress she is
as the main character suggests , ` what if
More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .
More good than great
good than great
Freeman and Judd make it work
This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
zings all the way
through with originality , humour and pathos
with originality , humour and pathos
originality , humour and pathos
humour and pathos
in doubt
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack ,
ratchets
the stirring soundtrack
I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
smash 'em -
crash 'em -
substituting
its own quirky hipness
own quirky hipness
Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory
Offers a guilt-free trip
a guilt-free trip
guilt-free trip
guilt-free
into feel-good territory
feel-good territory
One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .
of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt
the most important and exhilarating forms
most important and exhilarating forms
most important and exhilarating
important and exhilarating
of animated filmmaking since old Walt
animated filmmaking since old Walt
While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
, it 's not too bad .
's not too bad
In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
In all fairness
, I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and
love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has ,
love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has
love a Disney pic
a Disney pic
as little cleavage
a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
a heroine as feisty and
principled
As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
simple and innocent
like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
I saw it as a young boy
a young boy
Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell
Blade and
Hanukkah
fried in pork
they will have a showdown , but ,
they will have a showdown
will have a showdown
a showdown
by then , your senses are as mushy as peas
by then
fires the winning shot
winning shot
Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
Witty dialog between realistic characters
dialog between realistic characters
between realistic characters
realistic characters
showing honest emotions .
showing honest emotions
honest emotions
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
ambitious to be fully successful
fully successful
Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
a heart , mind or humor of its own
a heart , mind or humor
of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
, reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
the scintillating force
scintillating force
scintillating
I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance
Berry 's saucy ,
Berry 's saucy
full-bodied performance
gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
`` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
of the most entertaining Bonds in years
the most entertaining Bonds in years
the most entertaining Bonds
most entertaining Bonds
of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind
of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and
onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind
cross-country road trip
Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .
will have a Barrie good time
have a Barrie good time
a Barrie good time
Barrie good time
Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
looking at his 12th Oscar nomination
at his 12th Oscar nomination
12th Oscar nomination
by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
with the precision of the insurance actuary
the precision of the insurance actuary
of the insurance actuary
Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
Its rawness and vitality
give it considerable punch .
give it considerable punch
considerable punch
gives Hollywood sequels
Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
, I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
hard-won rewards
hard-won
over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or
The Emperor 's Club any time
a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and
a joint promotion
Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
is at 22 a powerful young actor .
is at 22 a powerful young actor
a powerful young actor
powerful young actor
A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes ,
that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
appreciated equally
as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
a playful recapitulation
playful recapitulation
recapitulation
lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
the moviemaking process
flattering spotlight
flattering
America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
America 's skin-deep notions
skin-deep
warm up to
A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
A haunting tale
haunting tale
If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
, you 'll cheer .
you 'll cheer .
'll cheer .
'll cheer
excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
A brilliant , absurd collection
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
own idiosyncratic way
, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
present Ah Na 's life
seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
, the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters --
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters
a fairly revealing study
fairly revealing
If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
If you 're not deeply touched by this movie
deeply touched by this movie
touched by this movie
The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself ,
I 'm guessing the director is a magician .
'm guessing the director is a magician .
the director is a magician
is a magician
For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
works beautifully as a movie
works beautifully
without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
the integrity
Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
detective story
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor
's touching and tender and
touching and tender
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor
that even in sorrow you can find humor
you can find humor
can find humor
Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
, the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
alternately melancholic , hopeful
strangely funny
she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
the six-time winner
a Hallmark Hall of Fame
in that are generally not heard on television
reasonably creative
eighth-grader
a more credible script , though
a more credible script ,
a more credible script
Summer X Games
As original and insightful
original and insightful
's episode of Behind the Music
inner-city streets
of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
others do n't ,
cracking up
The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
pays off ,
as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
its sensitive handling
It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex --
Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
Bette Davis , cast as Joan ,
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing ,
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing
The story 's scope and pageantry
are mesmerizing
Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power
roars with leonine power
with leonine power
leonine power
the cultural distinctions
With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages
a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages
a romantic comedy plotline
straight from the ages
from the ages
this Cinderella story
a single surprise
whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest
`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
'' exceeds expectations .
exceeds expectations .
exceeds expectations
I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
I know I should n't have laughed , but
hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
, those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
got to my inner nine-year-old
interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic
interesting social
are intimate and therefore bolder
intimate and therefore bolder
bolder
otherwise calculated
A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
A real audience-pleaser
real audience-pleaser
audience-pleaser
that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
strike a chord
a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
insurance company office
Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
give performances of exceptional honesty .
give performances of exceptional honesty
performances of exceptional honesty
of exceptional honesty
exceptional honesty
Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
, sweaty-palmed fun
sweaty-palmed fun
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ;
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy
's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy
's refreshing
someone understands the need for the bad boy
Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery
his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery
cool , composed delivery
, composed delivery
composed delivery
, fits the bill perfectly
fits the bill perfectly
fits the bill
A lovely film for the holiday season .
A lovely film for the holiday season
Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling
Jones and Snipes are enthralling
are enthralling
of the qualities that made the first film so special
the qualities that made the first film so special
the qualities
that made the first film so special
made the first film so special
the first film so special
so special
A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
A film of epic scale
of epic scale
epic scale
with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
an intimate feeling ,
an intimate feeling
intimate feeling
a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
a saga
the ups and downs of friendships
A pure participatory event
Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
is credible and remarkably mature .
is credible and remarkably mature
credible and remarkably mature
remarkably mature
Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help
Great performances , stylish cinematography and
Great performances , stylish cinematography
Great performances ,
stylish cinematography
make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
a worthwhile moviegoing experience
worthwhile moviegoing experience
Highly engaging .
go ape over this movie
go ape
has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but
has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters ,
has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters
a great hook , some clever bits and
a great hook , some clever bits
a great hook ,
great hook
some clever bits
clever bits
well-drawn , if standard issue , characters
partly satisfying
begins with promise ,
with promise
insightfully written , delicately performed
insightfully written
, delicately performed
delicately performed
The movie 's messages are quite admirable ,
The movie 's messages are quite admirable
are quite admirable
quite admirable
at most
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
watch people
maintains a cool distance
Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
quite a comedy nor
, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
live together
the film has a lot of charm .
has a lot of charm .
has a lot of charm
a lot of charm
Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
Graham Greene 's novel
is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world
elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world
elevated by Michael Caine 's performance
a changing world
Has all the right elements
all the right elements
right elements
but completely
Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
, is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction
is pleasant , diverting and modest
pleasant , diverting and modest
diverting and modest
-- definitely a step in the right direction
definitely a step in the right direction
The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .
The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .
A tasty masala .
You 'll end up moved .
'll end up moved
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious
A sweet , tender sermon
sweet , tender sermon
tender sermon
more curious
than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
who learns that believing in something does matter
learns that believing in something does matter
that believing in something does matter
believing in something does matter
What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
it makes up for in heart .
makes up for in heart .
makes up for in heart
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer ,
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer
good things to offer
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey ,
will no doubt
rally to its cause ,
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph '
masterpiece ' and ` triumph '
` triumph '
triumph '
does an established filmmaker
an established filmmaker
established filmmaker
a gobbler like this
suited for the history or biography channel
biography channel
an interesting storyline
interesting storyline
This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .
is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
bits funnier
than Malle 's dud
is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
is so engagingly
so engagingly
The film has several strong performances .
has several strong performances .
has several strong performances
several strong performances
I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre
I have a new favorite musical --
I have a new favorite musical
have a new favorite musical
a new favorite musical
new favorite musical
favorite musical
a fan of the genre
An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people
indispensable
Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
, ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
is a pretty decent little documentary .
is a pretty decent little documentary
a pretty decent little documentary
pretty decent little documentary
pretty decent
Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets
point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
adventurous Indian filmmakers
heading
has energy
to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or
her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original ,
her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original
her heroine 's book sound convincing
gender-war ideas original
ideas original
the comic scenes fly
comic scenes fly
Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
, like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
, may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit
understands the workings of its spirit
of its spirit
for laughs
is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
is funny ,
Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
Visually engrossing , seldom hammy ,
seldom hammy ,
seldom hammy
honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
a technically superb film ,
a technically superb film
technically superb film
technically superb
shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly
shining with all the usual Spielberg flair ,
shining with all the usual Spielberg flair
with all the usual Spielberg flair
all the usual Spielberg flair
usual Spielberg flair
Spielberg flair
utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
utilizing
the talents of his top-notch creative team
of his top-notch creative team
his top-notch creative team
top-notch creative team
creative team
Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
another cool crime movie
cool crime movie
that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
actually manages to bring something new into the mix
manages to bring something new into the mix
to bring something new into the mix
bring something new into the mix
bring something new
Bledel
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and
the pre-teen crowd
A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
A lovely and beautifully
lovely and beautifully
like the work of someone
have finally aged past his prime ...
just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
liked by the people who can still give him work
It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .
hip hop beat
hop beat
of both thematic content and narrative strength
both thematic content and narrative strength
thematic content and narrative strength
content and narrative strength
and narrative strength
In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
, it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
Danis
But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
the viewer wide-awake all the way through
wide-awake all the way through
wide-awake all the way
The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
fly at such a furiously funny pace
at such a furiously funny pace
furiously funny pace
funny pace
There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
to faith and rainbows
to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
plant smile-button faces
smile-button faces
smile-button
that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
A Walk to Remember a niche hit
Walk to Remember a niche hit
a niche hit
rap and R&B names
If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
it 's unnerving suspense
unnerving suspense
you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ;
it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ;
it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film
it with Ring ,
an indisputably spooky film
with a screenplay to die for
a screenplay to die for
screenplay to die for
to die for
die for
The best thing that can be said of the picture
is that it does have a few cute moments .
is that it does have a few cute moments
that it does have a few cute moments
does have a few cute moments
have a few cute moments
a few cute moments
Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists --
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness
passion , creativity , and fearlessness
, creativity , and fearlessness
creativity , and fearlessness
, and fearlessness
of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
most colorful and controversial artists
most colorful and controversial
colorful and controversial
colorful and
a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
a captivating drama
captivating drama
to the nonconformist in us all
the nonconformist in us
One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
near-masterpiece .
the black-and-white archival footage of their act
black-and-white archival footage
Remember it .
1987
expand a TV show
filling the screen
allow the suit to come to life
come to life
is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way
is very funny , but not always
very funny , but not always
very funny , but
very funny ,
in a laugh-out-loud way
a laugh-out-loud way
laugh-out-loud way
seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light .
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity ,
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity
the group 's playful spark of nonconformity
the group 's playful spark
playful spark
glancing vividly back
vividly back
what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
grandly
his ` angels of light
from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
outstanding as director
A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
A harrowing account
harrowing account
There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
late-summer
girl entry
should be as entertaining as it is
be as entertaining
, it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
a wacky and inspired little film
wacky and inspired little film
wacky and inspired
wacky and
that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
works effortlessly
at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
genuine , acerbic laughs
, acerbic laughs
Oscar caliber cast
caliber cast
caliber
live up to material
see because the theater
believing it was just coincidence
a Lynch-like vision
watch Witherspoon 's talents
Witherspoon 's talents
A family-friendly fantasy that
A family-friendly fantasy
family-friendly fantasy
with its imaginative premise
its imaginative premise
imaginative premise
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
able to tear their eyes away from the screen
tear their eyes away from the screen
tear their eyes away
Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes ,
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes
much colorful eye candy
much colorful
the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes
with the best of them
the best of them
sharp objects
in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere
very bright
been worth caring about
all-woman
tame
slightly wised-up kids
A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key
mostly believable ,
mostly believable
quietly inspirational
drama .
is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery ,
as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
comfortable enough
own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
of her Rubenesque physique
her Rubenesque physique
, it 's a howler .
's a howler
Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words ,
One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time
One of the most genuinely sweet films
of the most genuinely sweet films
the most genuinely sweet films
most genuinely sweet films
most genuinely sweet
genuinely sweet
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
starts with a legend
a legend
Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
Works because Reno
does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience
A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ,
few nonbelievers
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
they see the joy the characters take in this creed
the joy the characters take in this creed
A film of delicate interpersonal dances .
The film is full of charm .
is full of charm .
is full of charm
full of charm
achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
the kind of dramatic unity
of dramatic unity
dramatic unity
transports you
nod in agreement
a decent TV outing
decent TV outing
big screen magic
screen magic
This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
, it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
's still a rollicking good time for the most part
a rollicking good time for the most part
a rollicking good time
rollicking good time
Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
quirky at moments
a little old-fashioned storytelling
old-fashioned storytelling
Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message
Wonder of wonders --
Wonder of wonders
a teen movie with a humanistic message
with a humanistic message
a humanistic message
humanistic
Memories of Rollerball
Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
this saga would be terrific to read about
would be terrific to read about
terrific to read about
a genius
a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
a more graceful way
more graceful way
more graceful
Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism
on an irresistible , languid romanticism
an irresistible , languid romanticism
irresistible , languid romanticism
, Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
a sultry evening
sultry
beer-fueled
in the sun
inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
venture forth
A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places
A moving tale of love and destruction
A moving tale
moving tale
altered
filmed directly
from a television monitor
keep your eyes open
, you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .
'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
brought unexpected gravity
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
a staggeringly compelling character ,
a staggeringly compelling character
staggeringly compelling character
compelling character
whose sharp intellect
whose sharp
's all pretty
all pretty
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength
a terrible strength
it 's propelled by the acting
's propelled by the acting
propelled by the acting
Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- ,
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
every top-notch British actor
top-notch British actor
has succeeded beyond all expectation .
has succeeded beyond all expectation
succeeded beyond all expectation
beyond all expectation
plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
an inspiring tale
inspiring tale
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
the heart-pounding suspense
heart-pounding suspense
heart-pounding
of a stylish psychological thriller
a stylish psychological thriller
stylish psychological thriller
stylish psychological
A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .
A lovably old-school Hollywood confection
A lovably
lovably
be of interest primarily to its target audience
For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
love-struck
to convince us of that all on their own
convince us of that all on their own
whose pervasive quiet
to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
a fresh and dramatically substantial spin
fresh and dramatically substantial spin
fresh and dramatically substantial
dramatically substantial
Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
makes this movie worth seeing
this movie worth seeing
the simple fact
's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .
a marching band that gets me where I live
Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey
will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
The Road to Perdition
leads to a satisfying destination
to a satisfying destination
a satisfying destination
's mildly sentimental
going for that PG-13 rating
the sexuality
While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
, Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
outdoes its spectacle .
outdoes its spectacle
The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
The performers are so spot on
are so spot on
so spot on
spot on
it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles
hard to conceive anyone else in their roles
to conceive anyone else in their roles
Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
the movie could be released in this condition
Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
Extremely well acted by the four primary actors
well acted by the four primary actors
the four primary actors
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
a seriously intended movie
seriously intended movie
seriously intended
is not easily forgotten
A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
formula family tearjerker
accentuating ,
accentuating
The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
The stunt work is top-notch ;
The stunt work is top-notch
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
often food-spittingly
food-spittingly
A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .
A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm
A mischievous visual style
oodles of charm
make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .
make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie
` Cherish '
Cherish '
a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie
very good -LRB- but not great -RRB-
ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and
ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design
ravishing costumes , eye-filling ,
ravishing costumes , eye-filling
ravishing costumes ,
ravishing costumes
eye-filling
A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
A four star performance
four star performance
star performance
star script
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing
the perfect movie many have made it out to be
the perfect movie
perfect movie
many have made it out to be
out to be
it 's still quite worth seeing
's still quite worth seeing
's still quite worth
quite worth
Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
phenomenal band
with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
such an engrossing story
that will capture the minds and hearts of many
will capture the minds and hearts of many
capture the minds and hearts of many
the minds and hearts of many
the minds and hearts
It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .
It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop
be a huge cut of above the rest
a huge cut of above the rest
of above the rest
I enjoyed Barbershop
enjoyed Barbershop
A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .
A gripping documentary that
A gripping documentary
gripping documentary
All movie
City by the Sea swings from one
of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid ,
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning ,
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning
are so stunning
so stunning
his imagination so vivid
the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
is no rest period , no timeout
were insulted
various sources
good sources ,
After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
, ' I feel better already .
' I feel better already .
I feel better already .
feel better already .
Very predictable but still entertaining
but still entertaining
Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
see this terrific film with your kids --
see this terrific film with your kids
see this terrific film
this terrific film
terrific film
It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
such enervating determination
enervating determination
A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility
A subtle , humorous , illuminating study
subtle , humorous , illuminating study
, humorous , illuminating study
humorous , illuminating study
, illuminating study
illuminating study
politics , power and
For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
its visual panache
compelling supporting characters
, the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
between Sullivan and his son
Sullivan and his son
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ,
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
quirky movie to be made from curling
The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
The animation is competent , and
The animation is competent ,
The animation is competent
is competent
are quite funny , but Jonah ...
are quite funny , but Jonah
are quite funny ,
are quite funny
shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality
good-for-you quality
good-for-you
A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director
A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece
venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece
venturesome , beautifully realized
venturesome
, beautifully realized
beautifully realized
its first-time feature director
's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
understanding of the expressive power of the camera
of the expressive power of the camera
the expressive power of the camera
the expressive power
expressive power
A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
A film with contemporary political resonance
illustrated by a winning family story .
illustrated by a winning family story
by a winning family story
a winning family story
winning family story
gaining much momentum
An enjoyable experience .
An enjoyable
of high humidity
broke out into elaborate choreography
into elaborate choreography
elaborate choreography
singing and finger
held my attention
as it stands I
I loved the look of this film .
loved the look of this film .
loved the look of this film
Elmo
A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others
A brutally honest documentary
brutally honest documentary
to empathize with others
empathize with others
empathize
will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
a dream image
lamer instincts
reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
obviously desired
seem self-consciously poetic and
self-consciously poetic
match his ambition
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs --
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
Reef
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
a heavyweight film
heavyweight film
that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
fights a good fight
a good fight
lets the pictures do the punching
the pictures do the punching
This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
offers winning performances and some effecting moments
winning performances and some effecting moments
winning performances and
winning performances
some effecting moments
Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but
Life or Something Like It has its share of high points ,
Like It has its share of high points
has its share of high points
its share of high points
high points
Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying
Piercingly affecting ...
Piercingly affecting
while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying
clearly a manipulative film
emerges as powerful rather than cloying
as powerful rather than cloying
powerful rather than cloying
frame one
A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
vibrant , colorful , semimusical
, colorful , semimusical
colorful , semimusical
-LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .
-LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work
strong piece of work
strong piece
Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
Visually breathtaking
, viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving
viscerally exciting
, and dramatically moving
dramatically moving
, it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
's the very definition of epic adventure .
's the very definition of epic adventure
the very definition of epic adventure
of epic adventure
epic adventure
The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
of your eyes
Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way
, Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
takes the most unexpected material
handles it in the most unexpected way
the first full scale WWII flick
first full scale WWII flick
Hong Kong 's John Woo
its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
the dream world of teen life
its electronic expression through cyber culture
pull a cohesive story out
a cohesive story
cohesive story
This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
This comic gem
comic gem
is as delightful as it is derivative .
is as delightful as it is derivative
is as delightful
as delightful
A must see for all sides of the political spectrum
must see for all sides of the political spectrum
all sides
Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
will enjoy .
will enjoy
- West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
, this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
this modern mob music drama
never fails to fascinate .
In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
new release
, the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene
the tears come during that final , beautiful scene
come during that final , beautiful scene
during that final , beautiful scene
that final , beautiful scene
final , beautiful scene
, beautiful scene
beautiful scene
, they finally feel absolutely earned
they finally feel absolutely earned
feel absolutely earned
feel absolutely
A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions
worthy addition
the cinematic canon ,
the cinematic canon
last count
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy
symbolic examination
Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material ,
Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
taking a fresh approach to familiar material
taking a fresh approach
a fresh approach
fresh approach
his determination to remain true to the original text
to remain true to the original text
somewhat mannered
Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role
Buy is an accomplished actress , and
Buy is an accomplished actress ,
Buy is an accomplished actress
is an accomplished actress
an accomplished actress
accomplished actress
this is a big , juicy role
is a big , juicy role
a big , juicy role
big , juicy role
juicy role
A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
A clever script and skilled actors
A clever script and
A clever script
clever script
skilled actors
skilled
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics
bring new energy
new energy
to the familiar topic of office politics
the familiar topic of office politics
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ...
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
cameo-packed
is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
the funniest 5 minutes
funniest 5 minutes
A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
A photographic marvel of sorts , and it
A photographic marvel
photographic marvel
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community
an invaluable record
invaluable record
of that special fishy community
special fishy community
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. --
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S.
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S.
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature --
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature
covers this territory with wit and originality ,
covers this territory with wit and originality
with wit and originality
wit and originality
fourth feature
the U.S.
a major director is emerging in world cinema
a major director
is emerging in world cinema
emerging in world cinema
in world cinema
A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
A grittily beautiful film that looks ,
A grittily beautiful film that looks
A grittily beautiful film
grittily beautiful film
grittily beautiful
sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
an extended , open-ended poem
extended , open-ended poem
traditionally structured
Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships
Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic
candid , archly funny and
candid , archly funny
candid ,
archly funny
deeply authentic
on intimate relationships
to fruition in her sophomore effort
Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
more smarts
just as endearing and easy to watch
just as endearing and easy
as endearing and easy
endearing and easy
contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
be as naturally charming as it needs to be
as naturally charming as it needs to be
as naturally charming
naturally charming
The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
a smart , romantic drama
smart , romantic drama
depict the French Revolution
Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair
of the most affecting depictions of a love affair
the most affecting depictions of a love affair
of a love affair
a love affair
love affair
committed to film
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago
justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
The story , touching though it is
The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history
insightful about Kissinger 's background and history
is n't horrible
cresting
Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works
Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip
Give credit to everyone from Robinson
that this bold move works
this bold move works
salient points
impressed with its own solemn insights
with its own solemn insights
own solemn insights
solemn insights
work up much entertainment value
work up
much entertainment value
There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
There 's a lot of good material here ,
There 's a lot of good material here
's a lot of good material here
's a lot of good material
a lot of good material
of good material
on both suspense and payoff
Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
to spare wildlife
spare wildlife
wildlife
that acting transfigures Esther
One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
those exceedingly rare films
exceedingly rare films
exceedingly rare
the talk alone is enough to keep us
involved .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
ingeniously
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements ,
The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances
The film 's intimate camera work and
The film 's intimate camera work
searing performances
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
-LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
-RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
an astounding performance
astounding performance
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
a real human soul
real human soul
spellbinding serpent 's
Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
Just like a splendid meal
like a splendid meal
a splendid meal
splendid meal
, Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
-- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients ,
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
ripe recipe , inspiring
recipe , inspiring
certified
cuisine and palatable presentation
palatable presentation
Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
Director Juan Jose Campanella
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films
turned this
from each film
creates something more beautiful than either of those films
something more beautiful than either of those films
more beautiful than either of those films
beautiful than either of those films
Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
, this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
looks as if it belongs on the big screen
as if it belongs on the big screen
if it belongs on the big screen
it belongs on the big screen
belongs on the big screen
83 minute
then found its sweet spot
found its sweet spot
its sweet spot
sweet spot
Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ,
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying
the scarifying
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
gets full mileage out
gets full mileage
the rolling of a stray barrel
of a phonograph record
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal
reenacting a historic scandal
K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
as decent drama\/action flick
decent drama\/action flick
movies about angels
The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and
uncomfortably timely , relevant ,
uncomfortably timely , relevant
sickeningly real
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' -
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List '
is better than ` Shindler 's List '
better than ` Shindler 's List '
Shindler
it is more than merely a Holocaust movie
is more than merely a Holocaust movie
more than merely a Holocaust movie
a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
a heartfelt appeal
heartfelt appeal
a nice Belgian waffle
nice Belgian waffle
It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose
it 's not bad prose
's not bad prose
Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer
more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer
more fascinating -- being real --
more fascinating
-- being real --
being real
Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
are very expressive .
are very expressive
very expressive
You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh
You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness ,
'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
maybe even its inventiveness
even its inventiveness
the point is , you 'll laugh
is , you 'll laugh
you 'll laugh
'll laugh
solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis
advances a daringly preposterous thesis
advances
make the stones weep -- as shameful
make the stones weep --
make the stones weep
Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
it 's not half-bad
They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but
They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
painting this family dynamic
family dynamic
A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
A fine documentary
fine documentary
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
be distinguished from a mediocre one
by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
the better film 's
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
Strange and beautiful film .
Strange and beautiful film
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
innocent , childlike and inherently funny
innocent , childlike
innocent ,
inherently funny
inherently
We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline ,
director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline
with great help from Kevin Kline
great help from Kevin Kline
great help
us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
of the world 's greatest teacher
the world 's greatest teacher
greatest teacher
Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
Ong 's promising debut
promising debut
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City
a warm and well-told tale
warm and well-told tale
warm and well-told
well-told
What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance
's so striking about Jolie 's performance
striking about Jolie 's performance
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
radioactive hair
Rae
Humorous , artsy , and even cute
Humorous ,
artsy , and even cute
artsy , and
artsy ,
even cute
, in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies
The leanest and meanest
The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture ,
comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
as darkly funny , energetic , and
as darkly funny , energetic ,
as darkly funny , energetic
as darkly funny ,
as darkly funny
darkly funny
surprisingly gentle
two ideas
for two movies
For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world
marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world
marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows
marveled
Has its charming quirks and its dull spots
its charming quirks and
its charming quirks
charming quirks
Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films
were hailed as the works of an artist .
the works of an artist
his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald
a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or
so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn
their idol 's energy and passion for detail
their idol 's energy and passion
idol 's
idol
of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
to ignite sparks
ignite sparks
is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
new avenues
An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary
alternately fascinating and frustrating
was the best the contest received
the best the contest received
An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
absorbing and unsettling psychological drama
the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
its contrivances
Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
sweet and enjoyable fantasy
sweet and enjoyable
with passable performances from everyone in the cast
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ;
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating
will probably find it fascinating
find it fascinating
it fascinating
The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .
The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker
The quirky and recessive charms
quirky and recessive charms
It 's a very valuable film ...
's a very valuable film ...
's a very valuable film
a very valuable film
very valuable film
very valuable
And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
an observant , unfussily poetic meditation
observant , unfussily poetic meditation
observant , unfussily poetic
, unfussily poetic
That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as
That rare movie that works on any number of levels --
That rare movie that works on any number of levels
That rare movie
that works on any number of levels
works on any number of levels
a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death ,
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
magic and whimsy
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers
a heartfelt romance for teenagers
a heartfelt romance
heartfelt romance
a compelling argument about death
Apart from its own considerable achievement
from its own considerable achievement
its own considerable achievement
own considerable achievement
considerable achievement
confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence
Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence
primary visual influence
visual influence
its defining philosophical conscience
defining philosophical conscience
defining
A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty
A cultural wildcard experience
different , unusual , even nutty
, unusual , even nutty
Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
a feel-good movie can still show real heart
show real heart
real heart
, Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain
with an action movie that actually has a brain
that actually has a brain
has a brain
A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child
A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman
A marvelous performance
marvelous performance
In fact , it 's quite fun in places .
, it 's quite fun in places .
it 's quite fun in places .
's quite fun in places .
's quite fun in places
quite fun in places
quite fun
quality cinema
Worth a look as a curiosity .
Worth a look as a curiosity
know what it wants to be
is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers
an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and
gain from watching They
The all-French cast is marveilleux .
is marveilleux .
is marveilleux
marveilleux
` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '
the vampires
uphill or something
But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
the most beautiful , evocative works
most beautiful , evocative works
most beautiful , evocative
beautiful , evocative
, evocative
While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place
American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place
Adobo
has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place
has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB-
has its heart
And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
's the inimitable Diaz
inimitable Diaz
works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
works , including its somewhat convenient ending
The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .
The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute
a courageous Scottish lady
courageous Scottish lady
is painterly .
is painterly
may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
be as cutting , as witty or as true as back
as cutting , as witty or as true as back
as cutting , as witty or
as cutting , as witty
as witty
the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things
is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
many ways the perfect festival film :
many ways the perfect festival film
the perfect festival film
perfect festival film
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship
a calm , self-assured portrait
calm , self-assured portrait
, self-assured
of small town regret , love , duty and friendship
regret , love , duty and friendship
, love , duty and friendship
love , duty and friendship
, duty and friendship
that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
gorgeous animation and
gorgeous animation
so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
an exciting , clever story
exciting , clever story
exciting , clever
with a batch of appealing characters
a batch of appealing characters
of appealing characters
appealing characters
'll take the latter every time
every articulate player
's a sight to behold .
's a sight to behold
a sight to behold
A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
thanks to the actors
that are quite touching
are quite touching
quite touching
A modest masterpiece .
modest masterpiece .
masterpiece .
Be patient with the lovely Hush !
Be patient with the lovely Hush
with the lovely Hush
There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus ,
There are laughs aplenty , and
There are laughs aplenty ,
There are laughs aplenty
are laughs aplenty
laughs aplenty
a bonus
viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
modern-day comedies
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ...
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling
the atmosphere of the crime expertly
the atmosphere
The elements were all there
Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable
Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable
is at its most valuable
is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
, the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament
a freshness and modesty
freshness and modesty
transcends their predicament
, the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
an engrossing thriller
engrossing thriller
A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
A well paced and satisfying little drama
well paced and satisfying little drama
well paced and satisfying
paced and satisfying
that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter
A conventional but heartwarming tale .
A conventional but heartwarming tale
conventional but heartwarming tale
conventional but heartwarming
It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
especially grateful for freedom
Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody
write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody
a one liner as well as anybody
occasionally inspired dialogue bits
inspired dialogue bits
Blithely anachronistic
Blithely
that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
have been the ultimate IMAX trip
been the ultimate IMAX trip
the ultimate IMAX trip
ultimate IMAX trip
IMAX trip
It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
be smarter and more diabolical
smarter and more diabolical
than you could have guessed at the beginning
be anything
A slick , engrossing melodrama .
A slick , engrossing melodrama
A slick ,
engrossing melodrama
Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie
Some are fascinating and
Some are fascinating
in the end , it is almost a good movie
, Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas
as his most vital work since GoodFellas
his most vital work since GoodFellas
his most vital work
most vital work
Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together
Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis
its one-joke premise
get together
A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise
that presents an interesting , even sexy premise
presents an interesting , even sexy premise
an interesting , even sexy premise
interesting , even sexy premise
interesting , even sexy
It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful
sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful
sweet , funny , charming , and
sweet , funny , charming ,
sweet , funny , charming
sweet , funny ,
sweet , funny
sweet ,
completely delightful
A respectable venture on its own terms ,
A respectable venture on its own terms
the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films
broader vision
A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way ,
that both thrills the eye and
that both thrills the eye
thrills the eye
in its over-the-top way
touches the heart
Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
is anything but languorous
court maneuvers
A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
A surprisingly charming and even witty match
surprisingly charming and even witty match
surprisingly charming and even witty
surprisingly charming and
surprisingly charming
even witty
for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
fun , and
host to some truly excellent sequences
to some truly excellent sequences
some truly excellent sequences
truly excellent sequences
truly excellent
Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling
Some of the visual flourishes
the visual flourishes
visual flourishes
restrained and subtle
fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
fine performances
make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
this delicate coming-of-age tale
delicate coming-of-age tale
a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life
a definitive account
definitive account
The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
impressive fake documentary
Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
can usually be traced back to the little things
Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
like a lazy summer afternoon
concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
the crisp clarity
crisp clarity
with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
ambitious , eager
Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos
a prolific director of music videos
a prolific director
prolific director
more plot
it can comfortably hold
can comfortably hold
comfortably
's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
Like Schindler 's List
grandiloquent
A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
make you misty even when you do n't
you misty even when you do n't
Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
conservative Christian parents and
conservative Christian parents
Christian parents
estranged gay and lesbian children
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination
amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination
amusing and unexpectedly insightful
unexpectedly insightful
sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
line between passion and pretence .
between passion and pretence
passion and pretence
It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable
a film to be taken literally on any level
be taken literally on any level
on any level
with an avid interest in the subject
an avid interest in the subject
an avid interest
avid interest
avid
Never once predictable .
Never once predictable
of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
classic satire
There are some laughs in this movie , but
There are some laughs in this movie ,
There are some laughs in this movie
some laughs in this movie
The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
The film 's highlight
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
the rhapsodic dialogue
rhapsodic
that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
off the page , and for the memorable character creations
, and for the memorable character creations
for the memorable character creations
the memorable character creations
memorable character creations
character creations
sometimes creepy intimacy
I believe Silberling had the best intentions here ,
I believe Silberling had the best intentions here
believe Silberling had the best intentions here
Silberling had the best intentions here
had the best intentions here
the best intentions
best intentions
Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
of fighting hard for something that really matters
fighting hard for something that really matters
something that really matters
A good thriller .
good thriller .
to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
admire these people 's dedication to their cause or
admire these people 's dedication to their cause
admire these people 's dedication
One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .
One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB-
-LRB- and educational -RRB-
... an interesting slice of history .
an interesting slice of history .
an interesting slice of history
an interesting slice
interesting slice
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
as a piece of storytelling
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
an intellectual exercise
that 's been given the drive of a narrative and
been given the drive of a narrative
The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
nothing less than a provocative piece of work
a provocative piece of work
a provocative piece
provocative piece
The performances are uniformly good .
are uniformly good .
are uniformly good
uniformly good
more than a bait-and-switch
More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
intimate than spectacular
, E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
wow factors
than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
its funny , moving yarn
funny , moving yarn
funny , moving
that holds up well after two decades
holds up well after two decades
holds up well
about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
its own preciousness
own preciousness
preciousness
its beautiful women
an action icon
An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .
amused indictment
that peculiar tension
tailor-made
a full-length classic
full-length classic
`` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time
is a sweet treasure and something well worth
a sweet treasure and something well worth
a sweet treasure and something
sweet treasure and something
treasure and
The movie is brilliant , really .
is brilliant , really .
is brilliant , really
is brilliant ,
is brilliant
overall mood and focus
excite
to make a classic theater piece
make a classic theater piece
a classic theater piece
classic theater piece
It 's not too racy and
no mistake
a remarkably strong cast
remarkably strong cast
remarkably strong
if you 're up for that sort of thing
no pastry is violated
use of his particular talents .
use of his particular talents
particular talents
in one forum or another
Broomfield dresses it up
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing
The music makes a nice album ,
The music makes a nice album
makes a nice album
a nice album
nice album
the food is enticing
is enticing
beckons us all
It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie
it 's a fantastic movie
's a fantastic movie
a fantastic movie
fantastic movie
The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .
The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
comeback
what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special
I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special
With Brooms and what is kind of special
what is kind of special
is kind of special
kind of special
is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
's unique and quirky about Canadians
unique and quirky
Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm
Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm
who play their roles with vibrant charm
play their roles with vibrant charm
with vibrant charm
vibrant charm
, the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake
is heartfelt and hilarious
heartfelt and hilarious
98
Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
give a thought to the folks who prepare and
the folks who prepare
, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
, hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
of a sick and evil woman
Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .
all that matters
that matters
endearing about it .
endearing about it
about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
is SO De Palma
Spiderman ROCKS
Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
with a sharp script and strong performances
a sharp script and strong performances
a sharp script and
a sharp script
sharp script
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts ,
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts
Traffic scribe Gaghan
has all the right parts
all the right parts
there are many tense scenes in Trapped
are many tense scenes in Trapped
many tense scenes in Trapped
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
works on some levels and
works on some levels
is certainly worth seeing at least once
worth seeing at least once
deliver a great story
is the action as gripping
the action as gripping
as gripping
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie
with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie
breathless anticipation
Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
of you-are-there immediacy
you-are-there immediacy
when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
your first instinct
lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB-
the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB-
the chemistry and complex relationship
Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
Still rapturous after all these years
, Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
stands as one of the great films about movie love .
stands as one of the great films about movie love
as one of the great films about movie love
one of the great films about movie love
of the great films about movie love
the great films about movie love
the great films
about movie love
movie love
A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of
An enjoyable comedy
enjoyable comedy
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
a film -- full of life and small delights --
-- full of life and small delights --
full of life and small delights --
full of life and small delights
of life and small delights
life and small delights
and small delights
small delights
has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
all the wiggling energy
wiggling energy
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ,
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
play fine
the movie knew what to do with him
This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
an act of spiritual faith
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation
eloquent , deeply felt meditation
eloquent , deeply felt
, deeply felt
the nature of compassion
a tidal wave of plot
tidal
Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
Bravo 's
, it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
's still a guilty pleasure to watch
a guilty pleasure to watch
whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
whom the
a guarantee
fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
fresh , sometimes funny , and
fresh , sometimes funny ,
fresh , sometimes funny
fresh ,
usually genuinely worthwhile
genuinely worthwhile
Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
, you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully ,
much of Jonah simply , and gratefully ,
much of Jonah simply , and gratefully
as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
laugh-out-loud lunacy
with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
was made with careful attention to detail and
was made with careful attention to detail
made with careful attention to detail
made with careful attention
is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
James Spader
Maggie Gyllenhaal
By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
, The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
is pretty damned funny .
is pretty damned funny
pretty damned funny
damned funny
Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
, perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it
the joie de vivre even as he creates
as he creates
giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
the good-time shenanigans
good-time shenanigans
good-time
in welcome perspective
welcome perspective
Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what -
Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what
Ranges from laugh-out-loud
from laugh-out-loud
A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
, Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
knows how to tell us about people .
knows how to tell us about people
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
suspenseful Argentinian thriller
Argentinian thriller
Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel
is , in a word , brilliant
It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ,
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure
a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure
a visual delight and
a visual delight
visual delight
a decent popcorn adventure
decent popcorn adventure
popcorn adventure
ever released by a major film studio .
Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
brings us another masterpiece
another masterpiece
While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
the frequent allusions
... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity
broad streaks of common sense
of common sense
emerge with unimpeachable clarity
with unimpeachable clarity
unimpeachable clarity
Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment
but thoroughly satisfying entertainment
thoroughly satisfying entertainment
thoroughly satisfying
Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings
City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
a gritty police thriller
gritty police thriller
with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
family dynamics
musicals back 40 years
musicals back
more than people
... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
`` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film
a disquieting and thought-provoking film
disquieting and thought-provoking film
and thought-provoking film
The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
spy-savvy siblings
Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take
the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take
in a very real and amusing give-and-take
a very real and amusing give-and-take
very real and amusing give-and-take
very real and amusing
real and amusing
real and
Melodrama with a message
with a message
`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
an intelligent flick
intelligent flick
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
examines many different ideas from happiness
many different ideas from happiness
guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
in an intriguing bit of storytelling
an intriguing bit of storytelling
an intriguing bit
intriguing bit
This is pure , exciting moviemaking .
is pure , exciting moviemaking .
is pure , exciting moviemaking
pure , exciting moviemaking
exciting moviemaking
The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn
Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
an accessible introduction as well as
an accessible introduction
some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
some intelligent observations
intelligent observations
on the success of Bollywood
emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard
As well-acted and well-intentioned
well-acted and well-intentioned
well-acted and
sit through it all
`` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
a fun and funky look
fun and funky look
and funky look
Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
hours of material to discuss
An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style
engaging manner and flamboyant style
manner and flamboyant style
flamboyant style
made him a truly larger-than-life character
a truly larger-than-life character
truly larger-than-life character
truly larger-than-life
sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
An awfully good , achingly human picture .
An awfully good , achingly human picture
awfully good , achingly human picture
awfully good , achingly human
good , achingly human
, achingly human
achingly human
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin
immersed in love , lust , and sin
immersed
keep my attention
satire Lucky Break
Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
the cleverest ,
the cleverest
cleverest
most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
most deceptively amusing comedies
most deceptively amusing
deceptively amusing
Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music
Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music
and sublime music
sublime music
, the movie completely transfixes the audience .
the movie completely transfixes the audience .
completely transfixes the audience .
transfixes the audience .
transfixes the audience
Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers
it 's a pleasurable trifle
's a pleasurable trifle
a pleasurable trifle
pleasurable trifle
it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ?
it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
of the bra
be ethereal
in 1958 Brooklyn
on a 10-year delay
An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening
satire and childhood awakening
Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
Leaping from one arresting image to another
from one arresting image to another
one arresting image
arresting image
, Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream
all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream
all the enjoyable randomness
enjoyable randomness
of a very lively dream
a very lively dream
very lively dream
lively dream
manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
be compelling , amusing and unsettling
compelling , amusing and unsettling
, amusing and unsettling
amusing and unsettling
is attractive .
is attractive
A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film
energetic stunt sequences
briefly enliven the film
the stamina
the spirit of good clean fun
of good clean fun
good clean fun
clean fun
, Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
Koury 's
eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
begins to yield some interesting results .
begins to yield some interesting results
to yield some interesting results
some interesting results
interesting results
A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation
A thought-provoking and often-funny drama
thought-provoking and often-funny drama
and often-funny drama
often-funny drama
It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile
It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and
It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- ,
It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB-
's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB-
interesting effort
Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile
makes the experience worthwhile
the experience worthwhile
The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
a movie-of-the-week tearjerker
A lot of talent
One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
, featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
featuring an Oscar-worthy performance
an Oscar-worthy performance
Oscar-worthy performance
gets chills
will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring .
will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring
to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring
very mild
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film
absurdist wit
One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
have to give them credit for : The message of the movie
to give them credit for : The message of the movie
give them credit for : The message of the movie
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
It 's a scorcher .
's a scorcher .
's a scorcher
scorcher
Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t
to remember it by
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus ,
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
OK for a movie
the lines work
, the humor has point
the humor has point
the actors are humanly engaged
Surprisingly powerful and universal .
Surprisingly powerful and universal
powerful and universal
It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids
weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids
weird , wonderful
, wonderful
A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment
A pleasant piece
pleasant piece
The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film
The best comedy concert movie
best comedy concert movie
Cho 's previous concert comedy film
, I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
It 's a very sincere work ,
It 's a very sincere work
's a very sincere work
a very sincere work
very sincere work
very sincere
A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .
A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de
A touching drama about old age and grief
A touching drama
touching drama
The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved
fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved
fearlessly
This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
a detailed historical document ,
a detailed historical document
detailed historical document
an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
an engaging and moving portrait
engaging and moving portrait
and moving portrait
to seek and strike just the right tone
seek and strike just the right tone
just the right tone
right tone
That , in itself , is extraordinary .
, in itself , is extraordinary .
in itself , is extraordinary .
, is extraordinary .
The movie is gorgeously made , but
The movie is gorgeously made ,
The movie is gorgeously made
is gorgeously made
gorgeously made
art-conscious
A classy , sprightly spin on film .
A classy , sprightly spin on film
A classy , sprightly spin
classy , sprightly spin
, sprightly spin
sprightly spin
It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
's no accident
that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
a solid action pic
solid action pic
that returns the martial arts master to top form
returns the martial arts master to top form
the martial arts master to top form
to top form
top form
Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
the wonderful cinematography and
the wonderful cinematography
wonderful cinematography
naturalistic acting
This story still seems timely and important .
still seems timely and important .
seems timely and important .
seems timely and important
timely and important
timely and
It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors
little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors
little doubt
that Kidman has become one of our best actors
Kidman has become one of our best actors
has become one of our best actors
become one of our best actors
one of our best actors
of our best actors
our best actors
A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
A fascinating documentary
fascinating documentary
that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
a rounded and revealing overview
rounded and revealing overview
rounded and revealing
healing
car to drive through
It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters
get weird ,
The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
keeps this pretty watchable , and
keeps this pretty watchable ,
keeps this pretty watchable
this pretty watchable
pretty watchable
casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
as director of the escort service was inspired
was inspired
Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
without neglecting character development for even one minute
One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality
its seriousness and quality
seriousness and quality
an endorsement of the very things
an endorsement
An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
An entertaining mix
entertaining mix
of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
that should please history fans
should please history fans
please history fans
What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
saves this deeply affecting film from being merely
saves this deeply affecting film
this deeply affecting film
deeply affecting film
a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
Corcuera 's attention to detail
From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
, surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
surreal ache of mortal awareness
mortal awareness
emerges a radiant character portrait .
emerges a radiant character portrait
a radiant character portrait
radiant character portrait
Refreshing .
This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation
a soulful , incisive meditation
soulful , incisive meditation
is funny .
tries and tries hard
provide much more insight
a torn book jacket
torn book jacket
Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
be pleased
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
mainstream matinee-style entertainment
, it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
a bang-up job
bang-up job
bang-up
pleasing the crowds
But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
, you 're gonna like this movie .
you 're gonna like this movie .
're gonna like this movie .
're gonna like this movie
gonna like this movie
like this movie
seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '
seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine .
to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks
the excitement of such '50s flicks
There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
so much to look
at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
hate to tear your eyes away from the images
to tear your eyes away from the images
tear your eyes away from the images
tear your eyes
long enough to read the subtitles
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed
timely than its director could ever have dreamed
its director could ever have dreamed
, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
the ambiguous welcome
to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
streamed across its borders
What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ...
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America
gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
gripping portrait
of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
a celebrated wonder
celebrated wonder
Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve
considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve
considerable skill and determination ,
skill and determination
backed by sheer nerve
most mornings
about surprising us by trying something new
Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
much panache
, but with material this rich it does n't need it
with material this rich it does n't need it
material this rich it does n't need it
material this rich
this rich
is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
that it almost wins you over in the end
wins you over in the end
wins you over
wins you
A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con
A polished and vastly entertaining caper
polished and vastly entertaining caper
polished and vastly entertaining
polished and
vastly entertaining
puts the sting back into the con
the American sexual landscape
either moderately amusing or
either moderately amusing
moderately amusing
Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end
Yong Kang
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
of the company 's astonishing growth
the company 's astonishing growth
astonishing growth
become expert fighters
expert fighters
The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
The extent to which it succeeds
to which it succeeds
it succeeds
is impressive .
been an impacting film
an impacting film
impacting film
Like other great documentaries
other great documentaries
great documentaries
... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
even more compelling
Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride
Take nothing seriously and
enjoy the ride
Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
of the all-time great apocalypse movies
the all-time great apocalypse movies
all-time great apocalypse movies
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ,
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
confidently orchestrated
confidently
aesthetically and sexually
its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
deeply and rightly
rightly
It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
It 's soulful and unslick
soulful and
that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
grow into a movie career
makes it look like a masterpiece
it look like a masterpiece
look like a masterpiece
like a masterpiece
One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
persuades you , with every scene ,
persuades you , with every scene
persuades you
Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet
too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet
definitely tasty and sweet
tasty and sweet
tasty and
For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
For all the wit and hoopla
the wit and hoopla
wit and hoopla
, Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships
offers rare insight
rare insight
into the structure of relationships
though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered
Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered
are profound and thoughtfully delivered
profound and thoughtfully delivered
profound and
thoughtfully delivered
more thorough transitions
thorough transitions
made the film more cohesive
the film more cohesive
more cohesive
It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
energy , intelligence and verve ,
energy , intelligence and verve
, intelligence and verve
intelligence and verve
enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
enhanced
being fun
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days
The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
The acting , for the most part
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
A winning piece of work
A winning piece
winning piece
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s
with love for the movies of the 1960s
love for the movies of the 1960s
Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
its writer-director 's
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
and civic action laudable
action laudable
Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
manage to be spectacularly outrageous
to be spectacularly outrageous
be spectacularly outrageous
spectacularly outrageous
Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being
The Unbearable Lightness of Being
, The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
bucked the odds
to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
an exquisite motion picture in its own right
an exquisite motion picture
exquisite motion picture
`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
unusual biopic and document
Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
in a thriller , and the performances
a thriller , and the performances
a thriller ,
sometimes both
Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished
Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ...
Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license
pokes , provokes ,
pokes , provokes
expressionistic license
as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished
, it 's mission accomplished
it 's mission accomplished
's mission accomplished
and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
and at times endearing
humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ...
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable
is very believable
very believable
a slam-dunk
slam-dunk
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
moved to the edge of their seats
to the edge of their seats
the edge of their seats
by the dynamic first act
the dynamic first act
dynamic first act
, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story
as a touching , transcendent love story
a touching , transcendent love story
touching , transcendent love story
transcendent love story
hopes and dreams
meets-John
It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and
about issues most adults have to face in marriage
in marriage
think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
that 's what I liked about it
what I liked about it
I liked about it
the real issues
Costner 's
-- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
`` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
'' certainly is n't dull .
certainly is n't dull .
is n't dull .
It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
a perfect show
perfect show
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
underrated professionals
who deserve but rarely receive it
Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run
sense-spinning
of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
metaphysical
Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
kids-and-family-oriented
A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
A vivid , sometimes surreal ,
A vivid , sometimes surreal
A vivid
glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior
the mysteries of human behavior
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
unparalleled proportions
unparalleled
the legendary wit 's
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious ,
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious
Nalin
is beautiful and mysterious
beautiful and mysterious
beautiful and
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
are as subtle and as enigmatic
as subtle and as enigmatic
The innocence of holiday cheer
of holiday cheer
What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but
A pleasant and engaging enough sit ,
A pleasant and engaging enough sit
A pleasant and engaging enough
pleasant and engaging enough
to have the best of both worlds
have the best of both worlds
the best of both worlds
What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
What saves it ... and makes it
saves it ... and makes it
one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
one of the better video-game-based flicks ,
of the better video-game-based flicks ,
the better video-game-based flicks ,
better video-game-based
emotional and moral
emotional and
The trailer is a riot .
is a riot .
is a riot
a riot
This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
This enthralling documentary
enthralling documentary
... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
once playful and haunting ,
once playful and haunting
playful and haunting
playful and
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist
an in-depth portrait
in-depth portrait
an iconoclastic artist
was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
a lot of tension
An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
engaging criminal
romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
who 's being conned right up to the finale
Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
Directing with a sure and measured hand
with a sure and measured hand
, -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
-LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
steers clear of the sensational and
the sensational
offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
an unflinching and objective look
unflinching and objective look
of complacency
For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
, the film does hold up pretty well .
does hold up pretty well .
does hold up pretty well
hold up pretty well
pretty well
Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
most intriguing movie experiences
intriguing movie experiences
, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her
trumps
It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
the best sex comedy
best sex comedy
the wake of Saving Private Ryan
Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers
Black Hawk Down and We
incidents
An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
An inventive ,
An inventive
absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
absorbing movie
that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
to classify as it is hard to resist
classify as it is hard to resist
as it is hard to resist
it is hard to resist
is hard to resist
A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
A finely tuned mood
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere
model
of menacing atmosphere
The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed
small in scope , yet perfectly formed
perfectly formed
Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski
quite the career peak
the career peak
career peak
, it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
leave us with a sense of wonder
with a sense of wonder
a sense of wonder
at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history
, marvelously twisted shapes history
marvelously twisted shapes history
shapes history
cast , but beautifully shot .
cast , but beautifully shot
cast , but beautifully
A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans
the big shear
big shear
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
takes its techniques into such fresh territory
into such fresh territory
such fresh territory
fresh territory
that the film never feels derivative
the film never feels derivative
never feels derivative
Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula
a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula
a suspenseful spin
suspenseful spin
and mind games
erotic or sensuous charge
A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
A sloppy , amusing comedy
sloppy , amusing
that proceeds
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea ,
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea
is built on a potentially interesting idea
on a potentially interesting idea
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative
a smoother , more focused
more focused
without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
cultural intrigue
Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
both hugely entertaining and uplifting
hugely entertaining and uplifting
hugely entertaining and
hugely entertaining
Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
overflowing
a cinema classic
cinema classic
has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .
managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
dynamics and dysfunction
to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
, the more you will probably like it .
the more you will probably like it .
you will probably like it .
will probably like it .
an unseemly pleasure
same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
confront it
It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
get inside you
at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
a young artist 's thoughtful consideration
thoughtful consideration
The film 's best trick
political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
haunts us precisely
This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal
is an extraordinary film , not least
an extraordinary film , not least
an extraordinary film ,
an extraordinary film
extraordinary film
because it is Japanese and yet feels universal
it is Japanese and yet feels universal
is Japanese and yet feels universal
yet feels universal
feels universal
a reprieve
It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .
Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy
it has its moments
Although I did n't hate this one
did n't hate this one
Well-made but mush-hearted .
Fun and nimble .
Fun and nimble
Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling
whose cumulative effect is chilling
Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and
IMAX cinema
but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
sweeping and gliding
The gags are often a stitch .
Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
Captivates as it
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper
shows excess in business and pleasure ,
shows excess in business and pleasure
business and pleasure
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and
allowing us to find the small , human moments ,
to find the small , human moments
find the small , human moments
the small , human moments
small , human moments
, human moments
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes ,
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes
is amazing , yes
is amazing ,
is amazing
Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
the cleverness , the weirdness and
the cleverness ,
the cleverness
the pristine camerawork
pristine camerawork
One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures
a sobering meditation
Dramas like this make it human .
make it human
A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
A very good film
very good film
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be
in the place where a masterpiece should be
the place where a masterpiece should be
where a masterpiece should be
has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers
no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers
The 70-year-old Godard
Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
Constantly touching , surprisingly funny ,
Constantly touching , surprisingly funny
Constantly touching ,
Constantly touching
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act
of the creative act
the creative act
creative act
Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
, this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
is even more embracing than Monty ,
embracing than Monty
in gross-out humor
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase
well-thought stunts or a car chase
well-thought stunts or
well-thought stunts
well-thought
seen 10,000 times
10,000
as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
a fanciful film
fanciful film
of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery
cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery
cutesy romance , dark satire and
cutesy romance ,
cutesy romance
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos ,
at existing photos
treats us
... a true delight .
a true delight .
Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
Cinematic poetry
showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything
showcases the city 's old-world charm
the city 's old-world charm
old-world charm
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection ,
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection
has been made with an enormous amount of affection
been made with an enormous amount of affection
made with an enormous amount of affection
with an enormous amount of affection
an enormous amount of affection
these characters love each other
Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ,
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
a fascinating profile
fascinating profile
of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
a deeply humanistic artist
deeply humanistic artist
deeply humanistic
who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
, remains surprisingly idealistic
remains surprisingly idealistic
surprisingly idealistic
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
an extraordinary faith
extraordinary faith
communicate the truth of the world around him
communicate the truth of the world
A moving , if uneven , success .
A moving , if uneven , success
moving , if uneven , success
if uneven ,
Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying
deceptively simple , deeply satisfying
deceptively simple ,
deeply satisfying
Yes .
by writer-director Kurt Wimmer
writer-director Kurt Wimmer
A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
A work of extraordinary journalism , but
A work of extraordinary journalism ,
A work of extraordinary journalism
work of extraordinary journalism
of extraordinary journalism
extraordinary journalism
is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
a work of deft and subtle poetry
of deft and subtle poetry
deft and subtle poetry
deft and subtle
Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
An ingenious and often harrowing
ingenious and often harrowing
ingenious and often
ingenious and
how families can offer either despair or consolation
A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed
literary detective story
aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed
to count on
count on
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ,
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries
has had some success with documentaries
had some success with documentaries
some success with documentaries
some success
camera movements
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders ,
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
humorous observations
about the general absurdity of modern life
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
Morvern rocks .
rocks .
Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage
Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story ,
Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
finding a new angle
a tireless story
you might want to think twice before booking passage
before booking passage
booking passage
a text to ` lick
the efforts of a first-rate cast
of a first-rate cast
a first-rate cast
first-rate cast
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ...
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie ,
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
an audience laugh so much during a movie
laugh so much during a movie
laugh so much
A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
treat for its depiction
The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc
the drama that gives added clout to this doc
gives added clout to this doc
added clout to this doc
added clout
represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
totally exemplify
got a house full of tots -- do n't worry
-- do n't worry
Bisset delivers a game performance ,
Bisset delivers a game performance
delivers a game performance
a game performance
of the previous film 's successes
the previous film 's successes
a few new swings thrown in
a few new swings
new swings
holiday concept
Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
The Full Monty , but
a really strong second effort
really strong second effort
A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic
A penetrating glimpse
transparently
If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
, here 's a fun one .
here 's a fun one .
's a fun one .
a fun one
fun one
Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography ,
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography
gorgeous exterior photography
a stable-full of solid performances
of solid performances
, No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
is a fascinating little tale .
is a fascinating little tale
a fascinating little tale
fascinating little tale
A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving
A captivating and intimate study
captivating and intimate study
captivating and intimate
captivating and
dying and loving
light showers of emotion
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious --
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
, sweet , and intermittently hilarious
sweet , and intermittently hilarious
, and intermittently hilarious
and intermittently hilarious
intermittently hilarious
if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse
you 've a taste for the quirky
've a taste for the quirky
a taste for the quirky
for the quirky
the quirky
It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
It 's an effort to watch this movie , but
it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
pays off and is effective if you stick with it
pays off and
is effective if you stick with it
effective if you stick with it
modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
a young American ,
young American
plucks
A melancholy , emotional film
A melancholy
emotional film
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
ready-made midnight movie
under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
the right conditions
right conditions
, it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
entirely wholesome -RRB-
entirely wholesome
A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events
A bittersweet film ,
bittersweet film
simple in form but rich with human events
rich with human events
A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves
A delightful stimulus
delightful stimulus
do a homage
a homage
A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit
A breathtaking adventure
breathtaking adventure
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images
its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images
its poignant and uplifting story
poignant and uplifting story
poignant and uplifting
in a stunning fusion of music and images
a stunning fusion of music and images
stunning fusion
More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
overall feelings , broader ideas ,
overall feelings , broader ideas
open-ended questions
concrete story and definitive answers
concrete story
, Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist
cinematic tone poem
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot ,
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot
The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
deadpan cool , wry humor and
deadpan cool , wry humor
of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
this comic slugfest
comic slugfest
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film
Edward Burns ' best film
it is a good and ambitious film
is a good and ambitious film
a good and ambitious film
good and ambitious film
good and ambitious
that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
hot-button items
to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
be seen as hip , winking social commentary
seen as hip , winking social commentary
seen as hip ,
winking social commentary
of masterpiece
Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness
gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness
gets around to its real emotional business ,
gets around to its real emotional business
its real emotional business
striking deep chords of sadness
really what we demand of the director
is to be mesmerised .
is to be mesmerised
to be mesmerised
be mesmerised
mesmerised
It is a likable story , told with competence .
is a likable story , told with competence .
is a likable story , told with competence
a likable story , told with competence
a likable story ,
a likable story
likable story
told with competence
in conveying its social message
Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon
Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations ,
Plutonium
show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations
his penchant
this film is part of that delicate canon
part of that delicate canon
of that delicate canon
that delicate canon
's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough
best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB-
best dramatic performance to date
best dramatic performance
dramatic performance
thrill-kill cat-and-mouser
the Saturday morning cartoons
more damning
The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches
from stark desert
to gorgeous beaches
gorgeous beaches
beaches
Its appeal
Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and
an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war
an impressive job
impressive job
Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world
post-war art world
, it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust
without reeking of research library dust
Just a string
good inside dope
Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script
crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script
a worldly-wise and very funny script
worldly-wise and very funny script
worldly-wise and very funny
Majidi shoe-loving
After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
Hollywood disregard
for historical truth and realism
historical truth and realism
truth and realism
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen
heart-string plucking
Maryam is more timely now than ever .
is more timely now than ever .
is more timely now than ever
A feel-good movie that
give you enough to feel good about
you enough to feel good about
enough to feel good about
to feel good about
feel good about
The Ring never lets you off the hook .
never lets you off the hook .
about the pitfalls of bad behavior
gets drawn into the party .
The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world ,
The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world
ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world
the Olympus of the art world
done well
end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other
, dazzling
own cremaster
French coming-of-age import
about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
drains it
dramatic substance
The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself
remains uniquely itself
uniquely itself
vibrant with originality
with originality
a classic text
classic text
of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
spontaneity in its execution and
spontaneity in its execution
real poignancy
epiphanies
is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot
is very funny but too concerned
very funny but too concerned
If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
If you 're willing to have fun with it
you 're willing to have fun with it
willing to have fun with it
to have fun with it
have fun with it
fun with it
, you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful
, the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
is a far smoother ride .
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances ,
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber
benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances
benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness --
benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness
benefit enormously
presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio
hairline ,
countenance
Boy voice
excited that it has n't gone straight to video
A gripping drama .
gripping drama .
Darkly funny and frequently insightful .
Darkly funny and frequently insightful
Darkly funny and
the brain is engaged
is engaged
possibly will enjoy it
will enjoy it
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
superb performers
An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
An unforgettable
look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage
look at morality , family , and social expectation
morality , family , and social expectation
morality , family
omnibus tradition
Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
are both excellent ,
both excellent
in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
to forget that they are actually movie folk
forget that they are actually movie folk
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
smart , funny and
smart , funny
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
slightly naughty , just-above-average off
For a debut film
, Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
feels unusually assured
prime mystery
As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
, there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
an accuracy
of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
grounded in an undeniable social realism
grounded
undeniable social realism
-LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
an honestly nice little film
honestly nice little film
honestly nice
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
young adult life in urban South Korea
urban South Korea
the hearts and minds
hearts and minds
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
emotionally complex
, dramatically satisfying heroine
dramatically satisfying heroine
dramatically satisfying
romance-novel
on the premise
blond honeys
worldly knowledge
Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ,
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
know the band or the album 's songs by heart
, you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
will enjoy seeing how both evolve
enjoy seeing how both evolve
how both evolve
evolve
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
learn a good deal
a good deal
good deal
An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that
An off-beat and fanciful film
off-beat and fanciful film
off-beat and fanciful
about the human need for monsters to blame for all that
The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
The fun of the movie
is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act
his smooth , shrewd , powerful act
smooth , shrewd , powerful act
, shrewd , powerful act
shrewd , powerful act
, powerful act
powerful act
The power of this script , and the performances that come with it ,
The power of this script , and the performances that come with it
The power of this script , and
The power of this script ,
The power of this script
this script
the performances that come with it
A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
A sharp satire
With a tone as variable as the cinematography
variable
settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
the light-footed enchantment the material needs
the light-footed enchantment
enchantment
jell into charm
`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit !
has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
written so well ,
written so well
, moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
caused me to jump in my chair ...
caused
to jump in my chair
Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance
Runs on the pure adrenalin
the pure adrenalin
pure adrenalin
adrenalin
to be passionate and truthful
passionate and truthful
passionate and
Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision
Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity
Mr. Scorsese 's
bravery and integrity
advancing this vision
advancing
A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
A distinguished and thoughtful film
distinguished and thoughtful film
distinguished and thoughtful
distinguished and
, marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances
by acute writing and a host of splendid performances
acute writing and a host of splendid performances
acute writing
a host of splendid performances
of splendid performances
Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
the unusual power
unusual power
of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
you 're likely to see all year .
A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna
A fine production with splendid singing
A fine production
fine production
with splendid singing
splendid singing
1991
Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
the climactic hourlong cricket match
, boredom never takes hold .
boredom never takes hold .
takes hold .
takes hold
Aptly
this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production
this shimmering , beautifully costumed and
this shimmering , beautifully costumed
shimmering , beautifully costumed
, beautifully costumed
beautifully costumed
to look at , listen to , and think about
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet
possibly the sturdiest example yet
the sturdiest example yet
sturdiest example yet
the artistry of making a film
like Jimmy 's routines
use a few good laughs
a few good laughs
Highly watchable stuff .
watchable stuff .
watchable stuff
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel ,
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
this sometimes wry adaptation
`` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film
what it is -- a nice , harmless date film
-- a nice , harmless date film
a nice , harmless date film
nice , harmless date film
nice , harmless
difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller
spot the culprit early-on
found myself liking the film ,
found myself liking the film
liking the film
one man 's treasure
The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
at once both refreshingly different and
at once both refreshingly different
both refreshingly different
reassuringly familiar
It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
a clear-eyed portrait
clear-eyed portrait
of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
an intensely lived time ,
an intensely lived time
intensely lived
with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
an admirable ,
an admirable
sometimes exceptional film
exceptional film
Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit
a powerful drama
powerful drama
with enough sardonic wit
has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow
has a good bark ,
has a good bark
a good bark
good bark
far from being a bow-wow
the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it
The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun
ages that is n't fake fun
to find an old flame
Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .
Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
Death to Smoochy is often very funny ,
Death to Smoochy is often very funny
is often very funny
what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
what 's even more remarkable
's even more remarkable
even more remarkable
DeVito 's misanthropic vision
Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
Armed with a game supporting cast ,
Armed with a game supporting cast
with a game supporting cast
a game supporting cast
game supporting cast
from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy
the pitch-perfect Forster
pitch-perfect Forster
to the always hilarious Meara and Levy
the always hilarious Meara and Levy
the always hilarious Meara and
the always hilarious Meara
always hilarious Meara
, Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
Like Mike shoots and scores
Mike shoots and scores
shoots and scores
, doing its namesake proud
doing its namesake proud
its namesake proud
Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
a terrific role
terrific role
Too bad Kramer
guest appearance
to liven things up
his generation 's
-LRB- or Robert Aldrich
Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits
Cannon 's confidence and
Cannon 's confidence
laid-back good spirits
good spirits
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces
the film 's saving graces
graces
The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .
The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
mark Ms. Bullock 's best work
Ms. Bullock 's best work
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure ,
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure
becomes an overwhelming pleasure
an overwhelming pleasure
overwhelming pleasure
you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
befallen every other Carmen before her
-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .
-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor
a tremendous , offbeat sense
tremendous , offbeat sense
style and humor
was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
the Coen brothers and
read like a discarded House Beautiful spread
Beautiful spread
Bring tissues .
Bring tissues
you reach the finale
to his day job
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth ,
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip ,
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
deft portrait
wealth
will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
will shock many with its unblinking frankness
This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
This movie has the usual impossible stunts ...
has the usual impossible stunts
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
fit in any modern action movie
Drop Dead Gorgeous
Dead Gorgeous
the spectacle of small-town competition
of small-town competition
shows little understanding
that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
its luckiest viewers
luckiest viewers
Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
one film
that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
deserving of its Oscar nomination
of its Oscar nomination
its Oscar nomination
holds its goodwill close ,
holds its goodwill close
its goodwill close
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights
some good , organic character work ,
some good , organic character work
good , organic character work
, organic character work
lots of obvious political insights
obvious political insights
engaging , imaginative filmmaking
, imaginative filmmaking
imaginative filmmaking
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get :
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get
the subject matter is as adult as you can get
is as adult as you can get
of the flesh
unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
, `` They 're out there ! ''
're out there ! ''
out there !
much to it
legs
a slap-happy series
a satisfying kids flck
satisfying kids flck
It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
's absolutely amazing
absolutely amazing
how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
Really quite funny .
Really quite funny
Prepare to marvel again .
Prepare to marvel again
marvel again
It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
's definitely an improvement on the first Blade ,
's definitely an improvement on the first Blade
an improvement on the first Blade
since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
does n't take itself so deadly seriously
But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
with humor , warmth , and intelligence
humor , warmth , and intelligence
humor , warmth , and
humor , warmth ,
humor , warmth
, captures a life interestingly lived
captures a life interestingly lived
a life interestingly lived
a life interestingly
interestingly
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing
Brash , intelligent and
Brash , intelligent
of an upper class Austrian society
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt
a sardonic jolt
Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture
Succeeds as a well-made evocation
as a well-made evocation
a well-made evocation
well-made evocation
A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy
A backstage must-see for true fans
A backstage must-see
backstage must-see
for true fans
true fans
Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
's funniest and most likeable movie in years
funniest and most likeable movie in years
funniest and most likeable movie
funniest and most likeable
most likeable
their bodies
a certain part of a man 's body
How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
the shocking conclusion
For something as splendid-looking as this particular film
something as splendid-looking as this particular film
as splendid-looking as this particular film
splendid-looking as this particular film
splendid-looking
With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
, David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control --
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
an assurance worthy of international acclaim
an assurance worthy
assurance worthy
assurance
of international acclaim
international acclaim
acclaim
with every cinematic tool well under his control
with every cinematic tool
under his control
driven by a natural sense for what works
by a natural sense for what works
a natural sense for what works
But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
the talented cast
talented cast
alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes
keep you watching , as will the fight scenes
keep you watching ,
If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
comforting fantasies
we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
One of the finest
of the finest
the finest
, most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
most humane and important Holocaust movies
most humane and important
humane and important
Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut
unusual but pleasantly haunting debut
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters ,
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast ,
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing
flat-out amusing ,
flat-out amusing
sometimes endearing
, with a solid cast ,
with a solid cast ,
noteworthy characters
noteworthy
delicious dialogue
Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending
on great scares and a good surprise ending
great scares and a good surprise ending
great scares and
great scares
a good surprise ending
good surprise ending
Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend
odd but ultimately satisfying blend
odd but ultimately satisfying
ultimately satisfying
It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
British stage icon
an ounce of honest poetry
of honest poetry
honest poetry
Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
coming close to bowling you over
to bowling you over
bowling you over
lucid work
no business going
The isolated moments of creative insanity
of creative insanity
Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
show-stoppingly hilarious , but
show-stoppingly hilarious ,
show-stoppingly hilarious
show-stoppingly
scathingly witty
a heaven
on its way
Call this The Full Monty on ice ,
its sincere acting
sincere acting
A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .
A manically generous Christmas
manically generous
While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
is so fascinating
so fascinating
a happy ending is no cinematic sin
sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
its initial promise
a jarring , new-agey tone
jarring , new-agey tone
something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
clearly evident quality
her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
her tough , funny , rather chaotic show
tough , funny , rather chaotic show
tough , funny , rather chaotic
, funny , rather chaotic
funny , rather chaotic
about the hypocrisies of our time
parable about honesty and good sportsmanship
honesty and good sportsmanship
good sportsmanship
existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God
Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
give what may be the performances of their careers .
give what may be the performances of their careers
what may be the performances of their careers
may be the performances of their careers
be the performances of their careers
the performances of their careers
its body humour and reinforcement
body humour and reinforcement
a fresh idea
It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
some savvy producer
savvy producer
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
the potential success
potential success
But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
1993 classic
The closest thing to the experience of space travel
to the experience
been better than the fiction
better than the fiction
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy
to the film 's music
what 's best about Drumline is its energy
what 's best about
best about
Drumline is its energy
is its energy
If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes
like `
, you 'll enjoy this movie .
you 'll enjoy this movie .
'll enjoy this movie .
'll enjoy this movie
enjoy this movie
`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .
`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films
significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films
significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB-
different -LRB- and better -RRB-
Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful
of a minor miracle in Unfaithful
a minor miracle in Unfaithful
A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant
realism , crisp storytelling and
realism , crisp storytelling
, crisp storytelling
crisp storytelling
that effortlessly draws you in
effortlessly draws you in
draws you in
draws you
If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
If you love reading and\/or poetry
you love reading and\/or poetry
love reading and\/or poetry
, then by all means check it out .
then by all means check it out .
means check it out .
move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia
A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet
A highly watchable , giggly little story
highly watchable , giggly little story
highly watchable
, giggly little story
giggly
with a sweet
a sweet
edge to it .
edge to it
it 's not nearly long enough
while beautiful
writing exercise
Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
, truths emerge .
truths emerge .
truths
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ...
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films
of the best of a growing strain of daring films
the best of a growing strain of daring films
of a growing strain of daring films
growing strain
of daring films
argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
sexual relationship
does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
a relationship that is worthy of our respect
that is worthy of our respect
worthy of our respect
of our respect
our respect
A film with a great premise but only a great premise .
have been much better
, Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
fascinate me
the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
the richness of characterization
the richness
that makes his films so memorable
makes his films so memorable
his films so memorable
his films
so memorable
LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering
the material seem genuine rather than pandering
seem genuine rather than pandering
genuine rather than pandering
Ivy League college
keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
to its proper home
its proper home
proper home
A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .
A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times
the everyday lives
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking
with scenes so true and heartbreaking
scenes so true and heartbreaking
so true and heartbreaking
true and heartbreaking
that tears welled up in my eyes both times
tears welled up in my eyes both times
welled up in my eyes both times
both times
saw the film
hold our attention
made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man
has n't aged a day
Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful
at his most critically insightful
his most critically insightful
critically insightful
, Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work
smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
, like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
's a movie that gets under your skin
that gets under your skin
A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
a fine , focused piece of work
a fine , focused piece
fine , focused piece
fine , focused
that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
reopens an interesting controversy and
an interesting controversy
interesting controversy
never succumbs to sensationalism
succumbs to sensationalism
Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here
Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows
Dogme
they turn out to be delightfully compatible here
turn out to be delightfully compatible here
to be delightfully compatible here
be delightfully compatible here
be delightfully compatible
delightfully compatible
compatible
A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .
A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
the long and eventful spiritual journey
long and eventful spiritual journey
long and eventful
eventful
spiritual journey
of the guru who helped
the guru who helped
launch
Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
affected child acting
join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love
join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks
the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks
of great monster\/science fiction flicks
great monster\/science fiction flicks
monster\/science fiction flicks
that we have come to love
we have come to love
come to love
There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all
a beautiful , aching sadness to it all
a beautiful , aching sadness
beautiful , aching sadness
nothing could be more appropriate
The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .
The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of
primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of
that George Lucas can only dream of
dream of
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
must indeed
recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
of this laughable dialogue
this laughable dialogue
In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
, Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
strength and sense
freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
the film is competent
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
talent and wit
to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
beyond its formula
the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
it aspires
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently
works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently
since the thrills pop up frequently
the thrills pop up frequently
the thrills
the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
is as often imaginative as it is gory
is as often imaginative
as often imaginative
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational ,
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential
the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant
the down-to-earth Bullock
down-to-earth Bullock
down-to-earth
proves to be sensational
be sensational
everything meshes in this elegant entertainment
meshes in this elegant entertainment
in this elegant entertainment
this elegant entertainment
elegant entertainment
holds the film together .
one decent performance from the cast and
one decent performance
decent performance
one clever line
The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished
shines on all the characters ,
shines on all the characters
as the direction is intelligently accomplished
the direction is intelligently accomplished
is intelligently accomplished
is intelligently
A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
A delightful surprise
delightful surprise
because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
despite all the backstage drama
, this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
that work -- is charming , is moving
work -- is charming , is moving
work -- is charming ,
work -- is charming
is charming
is moving
, is funny and looks professional .
is funny and looks professional .
is funny and looks professional
is funny and
suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
to triumphantly sermonize
things will turn out okay
will turn out okay
turn out okay
A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
an admirable one
admirable one
tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
artistic abandon
it was at least funny
was at least funny
at least funny
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
that most frightening of all movies --
that most frightening of all movies
all movies
too good to be bad
good to be bad
the natural affability that has made Tucker a star
natural affability
that has made Tucker a star
has made Tucker a star
made Tucker a star
bound to show up at theatres for it
I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
generally a huge fan
a huge fan
huge fan
This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
is a fascinating film
a fascinating film
fascinating film
clear-cut hero
clear-cut
Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
more fascinating than the results
fascinating than the results
The dark and bittersweet twist
dark and bittersweet twist
dark and bittersweet
final third
The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
the surprisingly somber conclusion
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do
all the filmmakers need to do
is engage an audience
engage an audience
, then Blood Work is for you .
then Blood Work is for you .
Blood Work is for you .
Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .
By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors
it 's his strongest performance since The Doors
's his strongest performance since The Doors
his strongest performance since The Doors
his strongest performance
strongest performance
This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller
masterfully calibrated psychological thriller
masterfully calibrated
thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
The charming result is Festival in Cannes .
The charming result
charming result
'' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
of a lovingly rendered coffee table book
a lovingly rendered coffee table book
lovingly rendered coffee table book
lovingly rendered
designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
its handful of redeeming features
redeeming features
of the excellent cast
the excellent cast
8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
hitting a comedic or satirical target
is during the offbeat musical numbers .
Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
bracing truth
that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
the most ravaging ,
most ravaging
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
this little-known story of Native Americans and
The story has some nice twists but the ending and
has some nice twists but the ending
some nice twists
for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film
a delightful , well-crafted family film
delightful , well-crafted family film
, well-crafted family film
well-crafted family film
Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
can certainly go the distance ,
championship material
championship
The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
is bright and flashy in all the right ways
is bright and flashy
bright and
in all the right ways
all the right ways
right ways
If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .
The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
The AAA of action
, XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
, XXX is a blast of adrenalin ,
XXX is a blast of adrenalin ,
XXX is a blast of adrenalin
a blast of adrenalin
a blast
rated EEE for excitement .
rated EEE for excitement
EEE for excitement
for excitement
A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
A well-done film
well-done film
of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
An old-fashioned scary movie ,
old-fashioned scary movie
that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
punctuated by sudden shocks
not constant bloodshed
this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
the friendship
Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
his outstanding performance
outstanding performance
Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
that interweaves individual stories
a Mobius strip
dying for this kind of entertainment
The acting is just fine , but
The acting is just fine ,
The acting is just fine
is just fine
just fine
thrilling movie
Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look
clever and cutting , quick and dirty look
clever and cutting
and movie life
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from ,
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from
had a wonderful account to work from
a wonderful account to work from
of criminals
When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
, Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy
is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
a tart , smart breath of fresh air
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
stands out from the pack
is somewhat problematic
The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
is its personable , amusing cast .
is its personable , amusing cast
its personable , amusing cast
personable , amusing cast
personable , amusing
Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
oddly whimsical
, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
chimes in on the grieving process and
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
draws the audience
eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension
a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension
a haunting dramatization
of a couple 's moral ascension
moral ascension
ascension
With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's
reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality
Gong Li and a vivid personality
a vivid personality
vivid personality
, Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
stakes out the emotional heart of Happy
the emotional heart of Happy
the emotional heart
emotional heart
of Happy
A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary
A modestly made but
modestly made
profoundly moving documentary
Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
the prospect of their own mortality
their own mortality
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point
youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point
youthful affluence
affluence
It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
is , however ,
a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
a completely honest , open-hearted film
completely honest , open-hearted film
completely honest
, open-hearted film
open-hearted film
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
A zippy 96 minutes
generate a lot of energy
a lot of energy
epics
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but
to be intimate and socially encompassing
be intimate and socially encompassing
intimate and socially encompassing
socially encompassing
encompassing
do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
A captivatingly quirky hybrid
captivatingly quirky hybrid
captivatingly
of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
character portrait , romantic comedy
beat-the-clock thriller
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ,
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and
I like all four of the lead actors a lot
like all four of the lead actors a lot
manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
squeeze a few laughs out of the material
squeeze a few laughs
The art demands live viewing .
be most in the mind of the killer
in the mind of the killer
a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
truly revelatory about his psyche
revelatory about his psyche
the first half of Sorority Boys
projector 's
But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
it is thought-provoking .
is thought-provoking .
is thought-provoking
Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
created a provocative ,
created a provocative
a provocative
into one good one
one good one
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
the stuff of lurid melodrama
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
A moving and weighty depiction of one family
A moving and weighty depiction
moving and weighty depiction
moving and weighty
As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
, I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
strengths and
each other virtually
trump
happily glib and vicious as its characters
happily glib
Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances
with their memorable and resourceful performances
their memorable and resourceful performances
memorable and resourceful performances
memorable and resourceful
memorable and
It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn .
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
small , sweet ` Evelyn
, sweet ` Evelyn
these ambitions , laudable in themselves
laudable in themselves
The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
An elegant and sly deadpan
elegant and sly deadpan
elegant and sly
Hitchcockian theme
in tact
promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and
promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict
Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events
A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .
A wildly entertaining
wildly entertaining
Evans ' career
Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
raise audience 's spirits and
raise audience 's spirits
leave them singing long after the credits roll
singing long after the credits roll
But not without cheesy fun factor .
not without cheesy fun factor .
without cheesy fun factor .
cheesy fun factor
fun factor
Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
Upsetting and thought-provoking
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
odd purity
that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them
bring you into the characters
has you study them
A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
fast-moving and cheerfully
fast-moving and
cheerfully
A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .
A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals
a little more humanity
it never lacks in eye-popping visuals
never lacks in eye-popping visuals
in eye-popping visuals
eye-popping visuals
eye-popping
a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
a strong-minded viewpoint , or
a strong-minded viewpoint ,
strong-minded
a basketball game for money
a basketball game
With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley
an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley
, Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
does strong , measured work .
does strong , measured work
strong , measured work
Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
Bolstered by exceptional performances and
Bolstered by exceptional performances
by exceptional performances
exceptional performances
a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
a clear-eyed
on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
ghetto fabulousness
fabulousness
Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
does Dickens as it should be done cinematically
it should be done cinematically
done cinematically
would be a rarity in Hollywood
be a rarity in Hollywood
a rarity in Hollywood
a rarity
plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes
plenty of funny movies
of funny movies
funny movies
That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
the e-graveyard
holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
many good ideas
is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
serves up with style and empathy
with style and empathy
style and empathy
come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
providing deep emotional motivation
deep emotional motivation
emotional motivation
the under-7 crowd
A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
A thoughtful movie ,
A thoughtful movie
thoughtful movie
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
as daring as John Ritter 's glory days
daring as John Ritter 's glory days
as John Ritter 's glory days
Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
, Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
proves to be a compelling
to be a compelling
a compelling
, interestingly told film .
Sorvino is delightful in the central role .
is delightful in the central role .
is delightful in the central role
delightful in the central role
Exhilarating but blatantly biased .
preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
Dylan Kidd
also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people
a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people
a good ear for dialogue ,
a good ear for dialogue
good ear
the characters sound like real people
like real people
to care about the character
What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .
What makes it worth watching
makes it worth watching
By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
trumped-up street credibility
Especially give credit to Affleck .
give credit to Affleck .
give credit to Affleck
If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
-- you 'll love this movie .
you 'll love this movie .
'll love this movie .
'll love this movie
It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also
from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
accomplished Oscar winners
Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter ,
Susan Sarandon
yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
pulls off the feat with aplomb
the feat with aplomb
with aplomb
laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
-LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
maybe twice -RRB-
maybe twice
Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
the whole package
whole package
captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
old enough to have developed some taste
have developed some taste
biographical melodramas
cute factor
loveable or otherwise
A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point
A remarkable movie
remarkable movie
is just the point
If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
you 're a fan of the series
you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
'll love it and probably want to see it twice
'll love it and
'll love it
probably want to see it twice
want to see it twice
to see it twice
see it twice
particular interest
this film 's impressive performances and adept direction
this film 's impressive performances and
this film 's impressive performances
impressive performances
adept
likely to leave a lasting impression
leave a lasting impression
a lasting impression
lasting impression
does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain
unsettling prognosis
bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and
bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
with enjoyable performances
enjoyable performances
self-importance
renting
your entertainment choices
interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid
no fantasy story
As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
, Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious
quirky , charming and often hilarious
quirky , charming and
quirky , charming
Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby '
Humorous and heartfelt ,
Humorous and heartfelt
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful
me feeling refreshed and hopeful
feeling refreshed and hopeful
refreshed and hopeful
refreshed and
... a solid , well-formed satire .
a solid , well-formed satire .
a solid , well-formed satire
well-formed satire
well-formed
Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .
Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne
Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation
ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation
, sometimes beautiful adaptation
sometimes beautiful adaptation
sometimes beautiful
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie ,
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie
are many things that solid acting can do for a movie
that solid acting can do for a movie
solid acting can do for a movie
crafting
hoping that it would be sleazy and fun
it would be sleazy and fun
sleazy and fun
The logic
About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
as big a crowdpleaser as
a crowdpleaser as
a crowdpleaser
crowdpleaser
Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
Thumbs up to Paxton
Thumbs up
not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
'' wanted and quite honestly
Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
France 's foremost cinematic poet
foremost cinematic poet
cinematic poet
It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
's mildly entertaining ,
's mildly entertaining
if you find comfort in familiarity
you find comfort in familiarity
find comfort in familiarity
comfort in familiarity
But the actors make this worth a peek .
the actors make this worth a peek .
make this worth a peek .
make this worth a peek
worth a peek
determined , ennui-hobbled
Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root
Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination
the most thoughtful fictional examination
most thoughtful fictional examination
Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
Conceptually brilliant
like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
gaining most of its unsettling force
its unsettling force
worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life
covering all the drama
spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
have made this a superior movie
made this a superior movie
this a superior movie
a superior movie
superior movie
It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .
It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
excessively quirky
otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project
the best ` old neighborhood ' project
Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
Opportunists
This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope
This is a movie full of grace and ,
This is a movie full of grace and
This is a movie full of grace
is a movie full of grace
a movie full of grace
full of grace
of grace
-LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
who knows how to hold the screen
knows how to hold the screen
An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
An eloquent , reflective and beautifully
eloquent , reflective and beautifully
, reflective and beautifully
reflective and beautifully
reflective and
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
healing process
Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
, Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
the actors ' perfect comic timing and
the actors ' perfect comic timing
perfect comic timing
sweet , genuine chemistry
sweet , genuine
, genuine
Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting ,
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting
its true-to-life characters ,
true-to-life characters
sensitive acting
the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
the subtle direction
Hilary
all too clever complexity
- I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
also wanted a little alien as a friend !
as a friend
a friend
It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before
immensely ambitious ,
immensely ambitious
different than anything that 's been done before
than anything that 's been done before
amazingly successful
an important political documentary
important political documentary
Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture
welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture
as faithful portraiture
faithful portraiture
can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
a necessary and timely one
necessary and timely one
necessary and timely
offer any new insight
The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
the modern masculine journey
modern masculine journey
An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
a degree of affection rather than revulsion
a degree of affection rather than
Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking
bright , well-acted and thought-provoking
, well-acted and thought-provoking
well-acted and thought-provoking
the working
-LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
-LRB- Allen -RRB-
manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
breathe life into this somewhat tired premise
breathe life
Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses --
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses
his penchant for tearing up on cue --
on cue
that seem so real in small doses
seem so real in small doses
seem so real
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ;
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe
stretches of impact and moments of awe
stretches of impact and moments
of impact and moments
of awe
we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
wrapped up in the characters
how they make their choices , and
While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
a greater knowledge
, they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration
impressive and highly entertaining celebration
impressive and highly entertaining
highly entertaining
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
such a graphic treatment of the crimes
graphic treatment
A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters
A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three
A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait
sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait
sentimental but entirely irresistible
entirely irresistible
of three
A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
typically observant , carefully nuanced and
typically observant , carefully nuanced
typically observant ,
carefully nuanced
is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
is an encouraging debut feature but
is an encouraging debut feature
an encouraging debut feature
encouraging debut feature
heavy for all that has preceded it
Good , solid storytelling .
, solid storytelling .
solid storytelling .
As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
, they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
shimmering cinematography
that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
the ethereal beauty
ethereal beauty
an Asian landscape painting
We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
're drawn in by the dark luster
A pleasant ,
A pleasant
A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached
A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
A classic fairy tale
classic fairy tale
that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
captures the wonders and worries of childhood
a way that few movies have ever approached
that few movies have ever approached
few movies have ever approached
Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
Congrats Disney on a job well done
Congrats Disney on a job
Congrats Disney
, I enjoyed it just as much !
I enjoyed it just as much !
enjoyed it just as much !
enjoyed it just as much
enjoyed it just
without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
being funny
as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
, delivery and payoff
taking place
concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man
aggrandizing
A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .
A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
A rather brilliant little cult item :
A rather brilliant little cult item
rather brilliant little cult item
rather brilliant
a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
children 's entertainment , superhero comics ,
children 's entertainment , superhero comics
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
an ` action film '
Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight
imaginative flight
Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights
carries it to unexpected heights
to unexpected heights
unexpected heights
The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
you see it in these harrowing surf shots
most notable
The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful ,
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
by flashes of mordant humor
flashes of mordant humor
Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
Hard , endearing , caring ,
Hard , endearing , caring
endearing , caring
, caring
warm .
Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
any fiction
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly
affectingly
Lil Bow Wow takes the cake
original film
of humor , verve and fun
humor , verve and fun
, verve and fun
verve and fun
cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation
Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic
a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic
a gentle , unforced intimacy
gentle , unforced intimacy
, unforced
never becomes claustrophobic
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you :
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks
Takes you by the face ,
Takes you by the face
coos beseechingly at you
coos beseechingly
slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
its own breezy , distracted rhythms
own breezy , distracted rhythms
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
the plot weaves us into a complex web .
weaves us into a complex web .
weaves us into a complex web
a complex web
are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time
are instantly recognizable ,
are instantly recognizable
minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
humor and eye-popping visuals
humor and eye-popping
Miike ... a cult hero .
-LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
on expressing itself in every way imaginable
expressing itself in every way imaginable
, every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
as Katzenberg
Katzenberg
's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
Egypt from 1998
In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
, Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
is more accurate than anything
more accurate than anything
Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
with a creepy and dead-on performance
a creepy and dead-on performance
creepy and dead-on performance
creepy and dead-on
you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
of the highest order
The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
give a backbone to the company
a backbone
backbone
provide an emotional edge
an emotional edge
emotional edge
These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically ,
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically
a remarkably cohesive whole ,
a remarkably cohesive whole
remarkably cohesive whole
remarkably cohesive
visually and thematically
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment
consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment
consistently sensitive and often exciting
consistently sensitive and
consistently sensitive
often exciting
too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
turn his movie in an unexpected direction
leatherbound
The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
the funniest moments
in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
this oddly sweet comedy
oddly sweet comedy
oddly sweet
jokester highway patrolmen
A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry
A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
A delicious , quirky movie
delicious , quirky movie
quirky movie
with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
a terrific screenplay and
a terrific screenplay
terrific screenplay
fanciful direction
Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema
brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema
the value and respect for the term epic cinema
the value and respect
value and respect
the term epic cinema
term epic cinema
epic cinema
The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee ,
a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee
with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
authentic account of a historical event
authentic account
a war tribute
wistful everyday ironies
its one good idea
one good idea
It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie ,
a classic spy-action or buddy movie
it 's entertaining enough and worth a look
's entertaining enough and worth a look
entertaining enough and worth a look
entertaining enough and worth
renewal
like the military system of justice
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people
its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace
in its perfect quiet pace
its perfect quiet pace
perfect quiet pace
proud in its message
An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 '
An eye-boggling blend
psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds ,
is a visual treat for all audiences .
is a visual treat for all audiences
a visual treat for all audiences
such a mechanical endeavor -LRB-
devote time to see it
some strong performances
rises above the level of a telanovela .
seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel
as a creative sequel
a creative sequel
creative sequel
Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
, indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
, is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting
such high-wattage brainpower
high-wattage brainpower
high-wattage
coupled with pitch-perfect acting
with pitch-perfect acting
pitch-perfect acting
an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
an exquisite , unfakable sense
exquisite , unfakable sense
broadcast
is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
link together
conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
conquer all kinds of obstacles ,
conquer all kinds of obstacles
of obstacles
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry --
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry
have tremendous chemistry
tremendous chemistry
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable
sexual and romantic tension
sexual and romantic
really vocalized
Poignant and funny .
Poignant and funny
A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
A glib but bouncy bit
glib but bouncy
sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
sixties-style slickness
caught but the audience gets pure escapism
the audience gets pure escapism
pure escapism
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
The storylines are woven together skilfully
are woven together skilfully
woven together skilfully
skilfully
, the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking
the magnificent swooping aerial shots
magnificent swooping aerial shots
are breathtaking
the overall experience is awesome
is awesome
way to entertain or inspire its viewers
to entertain or inspire its viewers
entertain or inspire its viewers
entertain or
With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but
With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ,
With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
, the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
is somewhat entertaining
much stronger
catches the chaotic horror
subjugate truth
the tear-jerking demands
tear-jerking
, double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
Kong action
humanizing stuff
the film for anyone
who does n't think about percentages all day long
A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide
the perfect cure
for insomnia
A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
A beguiling evocation
of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
the exuberant openness
exuberant openness
exuberant
he expresses our most basic emotions
expresses our most basic emotions
a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
her subject matter
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies ,
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies
The Sweetest Thing ,
a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies
Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots
many subplots
A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness
A chilly , brooding but quietly
Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise
Smart and fun , but far more witty
Smart and fun
, but far more witty
far more witty
Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably
it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
A rare and lightly entertaining
rare and lightly entertaining
lightly entertaining
look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd
from the people laughing in the crowd
the people laughing in the crowd
laughing in the crowd
High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
so freely
that it ca n't help but engage an audience
it ca n't help but engage an audience
ca n't help but engage an audience
help but engage an audience
help but engage
Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
Michel Piccoli 's moving performance
moving performance
is this films reason for being .
An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
An intimate contemplation of two marvelously
An intimate contemplation
intimate contemplation
two marvelously
deliver some tawdry kicks
A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
A quietly moving
quietly moving
an idea of expectation
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
the awe in which it holds itself
the awe
it holds itself
holds itself
Denis forges out of the theories of class -
based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord
razor-sided tuning
you value your time and money
While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
a relentlessly globalizing world
She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
boxes these women 's souls right open for us
these women 's souls right open
In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
, Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist
himself a deft pace master and stylist
a deft pace master and stylist
a deft pace master
Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
is fascinating ...
who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
unified
in a dark room with something cool
a dark room with something cool
dark room
with something cool
something cool
topical humour
before getting to the truly good stuff
getting to the truly good stuff
to the truly good stuff
the truly good stuff
truly good stuff
truly good
Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
offers a trenchant critique of capitalism
In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat
addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat
to gluing you to the edge of your seat
gluing you to the edge of your seat
to the edge of your seat
, Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight
a film of freshness , imagination and insight
of freshness , imagination and insight
freshness , imagination and insight
, imagination and insight
imagination and insight
Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ...
Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther
canny , meditative
, meditative
Byron and Luther
satisfaction
and much better
A smart little indie .
smart little indie .
indie .
take me back to a time
a love letter for the slain rappers
a love letter
love letter
like it or
describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
harmlessly
reasonably intelligent
A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
A powerful performance
powerful performance
from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence
that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
does everything
a watch that makes time go faster rather than
a watch
the story 's promising premise
promising premise
It 's a big idea
it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people
displays something more important :
displays something more important
pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
its punchy style promises
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout ,
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout
One well-timed explosion in a movie
well-timed explosion
well-timed
can be a knockout
Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
Audacious-impossible yet compelling
yet compelling
In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
, it gets to you .
it gets to you .
until the final act
The material and the production
-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life ''
-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life
All That Heaven Allows ''
That Heaven Allows
transcends them
manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
a guilty-pleasure ,
a guilty-pleasure
- funny level
funny level
A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
A good documentary
good documentary
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold
make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold
make interesting
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite :
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite
the affection of that moral favorite
of that moral favorite
moral favorite
friends will be friends through thick and thin
will be friends through thick and thin
The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...
behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco
tries its best
of shape
A winning and wildly fascinating work .
A winning and wildly fascinating work
winning and wildly fascinating work
winning and wildly fascinating
wildly fascinating
After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
but no-nonsense human beings they are and
for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
the still-inestimable contribution
still-inestimable contribution
quite the genre-busting film
genre-busting film
genre-busting
for crimes against humanity
Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
Intelligent , caustic
take on a great writer and dubious human being
a great writer and dubious human being
a great writer and
a great writer
great writer
The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse --
The whole mildly pleasant outing
whole mildly pleasant outing
mildly pleasant outing
mildly pleasant
remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .
remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
, but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
the inspired performance of Tim Allen
the inspired performance
inspired performance
Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .
Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
Gondry 's direction is adequate
is adequate
but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
what gives Human Nature its unique feel
gives Human Nature its unique feel
its unique feel
unique feel
This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
a shrewd and effective film
shrewd and effective film
and effective film
effective film
from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
who understands how to create and sustain a mood
understands how to create and sustain a mood
create and sustain a mood
create and sustain
If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
really is enormously good fun .
is enormously good fun .
is enormously good fun
enormously good fun
enormously good
at a snail 's pace
Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and
Duvall 's throbbing sincerity
Duvall 's
throbbing sincerity
while he talks
Zoom !
had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
had more fun
with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
which I thought was rather clever
I thought was rather clever
thought was rather clever
was rather clever
rather clever
If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
, its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
family and community
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start
heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start
heartening in the same way
It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
together with efficiency and an affection for the period
with efficiency and an affection for the period
efficiency and an affection for the period
efficiency and
an affection for the period
an affection
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal
More mature than Fatal Attraction ,
More mature than Fatal Attraction
more complete than Indecent Proposal
than Indecent Proposal
more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks
, Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
is at once intimate and universal cinema .
is at once intimate and universal cinema
once intimate and universal cinema
intimate and universal cinema
A very charming and funny movie .
A very charming and funny movie
very charming and funny movie
very charming and funny
charming and funny
get into heaven
into heaven
sending the audience
is conversational bordering on confessional
continues to shock throughout the film
flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences --
artsy fantasy sequences --
The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
The result is somewhat satisfying --
The result is somewhat satisfying
is somewhat satisfying
somewhat satisfying
it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
A wonderfully speculative character
wonderfully speculative character
wonderfully speculative
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
made up for its rather slow beginning
by drawing me into the picture
Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable
uncommonly pleasurable
, Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
best and most unpredictable comedy
best and most
unpredictable comedy
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
of purpose and even-handedness
purpose and even-handedness
Beauty reeks
like a room stacked with pungent flowers
... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ,
by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
its audience giddy
with the delight of discovery
the delight of discovery
of discovery
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
immersed in a foreign culture only
Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles
rich , shadowy black-and-white
, with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
increasingly amused irony
increasingly amused
the relationship between reluctant
Bond-inspired
This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
This method almost never fails him , and
This method almost never fails him
almost never fails him
never fails him
it works superbly here
works superbly here
works superbly
Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
cross swords with the best of them and
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller
popcorn thriller
his intellectual rigor or
his intellectual rigor
creative composure
Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
a classic
will want to see over and over again .
will want to see over and over again
want to see over and over again
to see over and over again
see over and over again
see over and over
it was an honest effort
was an honest effort
an honest effort
honest effort
if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due
nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
rowdy participants
The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
will eat up like so much gelati
the battery
Competently directed but terminally cute drama .
directed but terminally cute drama .
terminally cute drama
cute drama
is barely
on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but ,
's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but
's consistently surprising , easy
consistently surprising , easy
consistently surprising ,
consistently surprising
like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy
-LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy
to ensnare its target audience .
Familiar but utterly delightful .
but utterly delightful .
utterly delightful .
delightful .
more strongly to storytelling
more strongly
Consider it ` perfection . '
Consider it ` perfection .
Consider it ` perfection
it ` perfection
` perfection
one-hour mark
This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
more fascinating look
at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
the most high-concept sci fi adventures
high-concept sci fi adventures
Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
Samuel L. Jackson
is one of the best actors there is .
is one of the best actors there is
one of the best actors there is
of the best actors there is
the best actors there is
the best actors
Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
Huppert 's show to steal
show to steal
makes a meal of it
If you love him , you 'll like it .
you love him
, you 'll like it .
you 'll like it .
'll like it
A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
from Bill Plympton , the animation master ,
Bill Plympton , the animation master ,
Bill Plympton , the animation master
the animation master
animation master
is always welcome .
is always welcome
's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .
fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
last-minute action
the visual flair and bouncing bravado
flair and bouncing bravado
bouncing bravado
better hip-hop clips
Makes one thing abundantly clear .
A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
call it a work of art
a work of art
It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
get made-up and
see this movie with my sisters
Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
, ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
is wondrously creative .
is wondrously creative
wondrously creative
And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
do n't avert our eyes for a moment
our eyes
Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
the visceral excitement
visceral excitement
of a sports extravaganza
a sports extravaganza
sports extravaganza
For all its brilliant touches
all its brilliant touches
its brilliant touches
brilliant touches
nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement
An engaging ,
An engaging
formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement
that carries a charge of genuine excitement
carries a charge of genuine excitement
a charge of genuine excitement
of genuine excitement
genuine excitement
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss
with such life-embracing spirit
such life-embracing spirit
life-embracing spirit
life-embracing
that the theme does n't drag an audience down
the theme does n't drag an audience down
does n't drag an audience down
A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
A moving story of determination and the human spirit
A moving story
of determination and the human spirit
determination and the human spirit
We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies
this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies
to seek our tears , our sympathies
our sympathies
is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
a provocateur
ideas and special-interest groups
Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that
Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and
Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again ,
from humor
The culmination of everyone 's efforts
is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB-
It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
a teenybopper Ed Wood film ,
pubescent
Certainly beautiful
very informative
Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
a wonderful ensemble cast
wonderful ensemble cast
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
the routine day to day
struggles of the working class to life
the working class to life
If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
the movie 's set
it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
's refreshing to see a romance this smart
refreshing to see a romance this smart
to see a romance this smart
see a romance this smart
a romance this smart
this smart
Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film
the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film
of oral storytelling frozen onto film
oral storytelling frozen onto film
Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax
The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
is reasonably entertaining ,
is reasonably entertaining
rises to its clever what-if concept .
rises to its clever what-if concept
to its clever what-if concept
Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
the gay '70s
A sly dissection
sly dissection
the contemporary music business
of artistic collaboration
A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
A gracious , eloquent film
gracious , eloquent film
gracious
, eloquent film
eloquent film
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
offers a ray of hope
a ray of hope
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
able to look ahead and resist living in a past
look ahead and resist living in a past
conceivable
It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough
our moviemakers
Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal
stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal
Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
the ideal outlet
ideal outlet
his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement
fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement
fascination , and
fascination ,
a fair amount of B-movie excitement
of B-movie excitement
a hazy high
hazy high
Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon
Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and
an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension
an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- ,
an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB-
an astonishing voice cast
astonishing voice cast
an interesting racial tension
A witty , whimsical feature debut .
A witty , whimsical feature debut
A witty , whimsical feature
witty , whimsical feature
, whimsical feature
Exhilarating , funny and fun .
Exhilarating , funny and fun
Exhilarating ,
funny and fun
As an entertainment destination for the general public
an entertainment destination for the general public
an entertainment destination
new benchmark
Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
, period-perfect biopic hammers
period-perfect
has any sting to it
the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
warmed up to him
barely adequate
are very , very good reasons for certain movies
are very , very good reasons
very , very good reasons
a remote shelf
It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and
thoroughly enjoyed themselves
enjoyed themselves
believed in their small-budget film
The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself
of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas
Driver and Goodfellas
this film speaks for itself
speaks for itself
meets his future wife
his future wife
Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
a servicable World War II drama
servicable World War II drama
, but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
Goldie Hawn
Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category
Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
that it is laughingly enjoyable
it is laughingly enjoyable
is laughingly enjoyable
laughingly
It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
a unique culture
unique culture
that is presented with universal appeal
is presented with universal appeal
presented with universal appeal
with universal appeal
universal appeal
seem appealing
, the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
the capable Clayburgh
really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
a great job
great job
anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
-LRB- Tries -RRB-
is darkly atmospheric
avuncular chortles
